1	Fuck Justin bieber. He's a fucking fag UM excuse yuh? HE IS NOT!! Ur a fuckin idiot! Kay? good
1	Hahah. Funny how u defend that beiber kid. & its also funny how u stalked my whole twitter! Nice goin! BITCH!
1	Have u ever licked thee floor? Hahaha.. Yup!(: Its my job
1	Hey. Why you such a bitch? Why thank yuh!
1	how old are u ? And how do you know michael? Who the hell are yuh!!! And who tha fuck is michael!?
1	If you had to perform at the circus  what trick would you do? Read between these three fingas! haha
1	-ilovee youuu bestfranhdd(: haa guesss whooo.... ilovee maryyy rosseeee hickkksss!!!! LOL!
1	What was your favorite toy to play with as a child? Now how the fuck am i suppose to remember that? Weirdo! maybe it was ur moms dick? lOL!
1	who decided to take a shit on your face? im not quite sure! ill tell ya when i find out! I promise(:
1	Who's the smartest person you know? @JustinBSource 4 sure LMAO!
1	Why do u follow the bandwagon? Formspring. Twitter. What's next gay Justin beiber. Well im not following anything and really BANDWAGON?!?! soo oldd!! Its more like trend these days! Justin Bieber* Idiot! Cnt spell!
1	Why do u like lil kids like Justin Beiber? Umm... he has a bigga heart than you will EVER have so before you start to hate on a 16yr old that you obviously are addicted to  get your facts straight kay?
1	"lmao.. ""yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh"".. hm.. that isn't really much of an insult now is it? what if i was fat? lol u suck at talkn shit :] later white trash skank :] ur super ugly nd that guy u like really isnt gonna come back around for u. laterrrr ahhaha yuurr funnyy reall funny ndd i dntt want hatt guy too comee bckk too mee anyyy moree.ndd yeahh i suck at tlking shit.?i jstt dntt tlk shitt over thiss i wouldd tlk itt to yuurr face iff i knew whoo thiss wass.BITCH.! gett a life ndd stopp worrying aboutt mines.....!"
1	lol how cute u have friends that back u up :] doesnt matter. ur still a fake bitch :] go find a real bf. not someone out of ur league. lol ugly ass wow yeahh im a fake bitch yuur thee onee thatss scaredd to sayy all thiiss shitt in myy face.bitchh..!scard too gett fuckedd uuppp...!?!?! yurr reall funny skinny ass bitchh
1	shit talkin bitch wow reallyy whyy aree yuu tlking all thiis shitt over thiiss formsprings ndd nott inn myy facee whooss thee pussy
1	still a bitch :] oh wow okay butt yuurr thee onee thattss tlking shittt....cuzz idntt evnn knoo whooo thiisss iss...!
1	whyy aree youu suchh aa faggottt(: ahahaha i noo
1	your ugly. oohhh well thanksss yuuur soo
1	"""I have one for your information"" WTF. That's MY LIFE  NOT YOURS. You best think twice before you try to steal my stuff  bitch. BITCH WHO THE FUCK SAID I WAS STEALIING YOUR STUFF? DUMB FUCK"
1	"""Show your face Anonymous"" WTF?! You make no sense you fake ugly bitch i never said i did"
1	..are you? all you can say lmfaoo. well  your fake everyone knows it  no need to go on about it(: sayoonarra<3 i can say more  IM NOT FAKE
1	:] im sorry  im not the one being a fake of some lady lol comeon now >.> be your damn self (: and im not fucking mental  i know what js means. i think you need to stfu and get a damn life instead of beng on here and faking some girl ; btw NICE COMEBACK! I didn;t say you were mental i put that because some people don't what means duh. Your comebacks suck too
1	:] you are fake though :D ? that makes no sense lolol why would you keep faking all these formsprings  your stuuupid :p we all know the real ashlee girls formspring already  soo fuck off may you? bitch i aint fake she is
1	:3 wow ashleeee your fakes amuse me lmao  okay  you are retarded to keep this page upp :] your retarded
1	`` im very sexy `` My fucking ass. duuude that made me laugh so fucking hardd(: thank's for making my day ;D your welcome faggot
1	13?r you're at the perfect age to learn how to suck dick and give hand jobs. SICKO
1	ahaha my mom is dead :) but thanks ugly ass bitch that NO BODY knows and has no life and has to talk shit on formspring to pretty girls that she is jelouse of :) alright bitch. you ain't pretty pshh don't make me laugh
1	and you called me fat why? i don't know I'm sorry
1	ashlee cyrus florida  Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit okay?
1	ashlee cyrus...r cyrus is a lame last name.r everyone knows if your a cyrus  you gotta be fake  and you're probably reall ugly in real life.r LMFAO. duh of course cyrus isn't my real last name it's my fake last name.
1	baha  actually  im going to go on now :) BITCH ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID? >.> the REAL ashlee has a proof video  your dumb  your probably just some old man behind a computer screen<3 go fuck yourself<3 nope
1	BETTY IS LIKE ADORABLE. YOU LOOK LIKE A CRACK HEADS SHIT IN A TOILET MY DEAR that doesn't even make sense
1	BITCH STFU AT LEAST I RECOGNIZE MYSELF NOT LYK U should i care bitch
1	Chick? Are you a fucking lesbain? No are you
1	do i even know you ? and why the fuck are you leaving shit on my wall. seriously?get a life. cuz i felt like it :) i have one
1	Does it make you mad you have tonsssss of hate groups on myspace? I don't care anymore
1	Don't call her a bitch vv just did
1	DUDE  ARE YOU SERIOUS YOUR SO STUPIDDDD >.> STFU!:) and btw  if your tired of people talking shit on your form spring  delete this accountt >.> and be yourself  are you that bad? not as stupid as you js[just saying]
1	dude it seems like everyone hates you. you should just delete all your socialing sites. (: should i care?
1	Dude she's faking herself  no one else in the world would fake her! No im not
1	Everyone Look  This Girl Was Using Missy Lockes Pictures And I Told Her She Was Fake  Then She Was Like Im Not Fake  Then She Took Bettys Pictures. SHES DUMB! http://www.formspring.me/LMT23 k
1	ew you're gross. ugly. BITCH not as gross as you bitch
1	ewwwwwwww okay i know im ew
1	Faaaaake. :D I am not fake
1	fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake fake Your fake
1	Fake. your fake
1	get a life you twisted bitch! You get a life
1	get naked Ew no
1	GO TO HELL xD you go to hell ugly wannabe scene chick.
1	Grosss! Your face is nasty so is yours
1	Grosss! Your face is nasty so is yours you don't see me complaining
1	guess what you should do? GET A LIFE. I don't even know you so why would you even start shit with me?! Seriously  you must be a bit messed up in the head. Pathetic. i have one for your information Nope i ain't messed up
1	haha lifeless cunt stop writing on my wall you shit faced slut yo mamma
1	heey. how many other formsprings do u have? like 50? damn. get a life. you care why?
1	here's a cookie eat it : D Yay nom nom
1	hey everyone  this is the girl that fakes ta k
1	Hey im ashlee im tired of everyone commenting on my damn formspring talking shit ///
1	hey why dont you go kill yourself alot of ppl would be really happy :) why would i wanna do that?
1	heyyy  your an ugly fucking bitch  you think your sexy? haha  you ain't shit besides an ugly bitch. & beware of what? ill fucking put your shit on blast. fucking stupid ass cunt. fuck off  & stop hatein on peoples pages before i go off on your ugly ass. please bitch what are you going to do nothing. If i were i would get a life
1	hi asslee asshole :D Hi anonymous
1	Hi you smelly rotten poo. You smell like pigs vomit! Did you just go to the toilet? I wondered what that smell was  you missed the toilet and it fell on your ugly clothes  are you poor? You stink like hamster poo. I'd love to ram a metal pole up your ass. I'd love to see you get hit by a car :)
1	hi you're ashlee and you're not 16 and you're ugly as hell so beware bye ;) if i were you i wouldn't be talking beth (:
1	How much do you have sex? what type of question is that sicko
1	I don't know you  and I've never said ur ugly. please dot comment on my looks. learn how to spell (:
1	i dont know you  but you seem like a bitch I'm not
1	i hope your asswhole gets sniffed by aids Hope you get aids (:
1	i like how everyone writes you just to insult you. seriously  all your questions are dissing you! HAHAH. Are you sure im not dissing you
1	i never said that i'm 16 or that i'm sexy. dumbasssssss are you sure bitch?
1	i swear to fucking god bitch. i hate you so much. you think you can add people and just talk shit on there pages? haha  naaa. yuuu must got us fucked up. im going to hunt your ass down and beat the shit out of youu with my own to hands. kbitchhhh? lame ass joke you can't do shit
1	I'm not a creepy stalker. Just everyone fucking hates you so everyone knows what you fucking do. You remind me of Harmony Flashpink but uglier and alittle more pathetic. Everyone knows you fake yourself and other girls  and you want attention. Dumbfuck. i dont fake myself
1	i'm not fake (:r sorry. liar
1	If Your Going To Be Rude & Give Smart Ass Answers; We Will Unfollow You. :] okay
1	im a big fan of betty and u is ugler than her so fuck up bitch u ugly shit head oh wow should i care
1	It's your cousin again lol :] why is everyone saying your fake? they are stupid
1	Learn how to spell? Learn how to tell apart a typo from a spelling error.   And learn how to be a proper fake. you learn to keep your damn mouth shut
1	LMFAO  you're fucking creepy & must have no friends nor life  if you have to create muliple formsprings of yourself  saying theyre fakes. Quit thinking everyone wants to be you  & they copy you. No one would fake you. I'm sorry your such a pathetic poser. your the one who is creepy stalker
1	Me pathetic?? your the one who started the shit... so?
1	no body likes yuuuuuuu! like I care
1	No honestly your really immature :) your the one
1	Nope. I actually have a life. *COUGHCOUGH* unlike you  the lonely pathetic ugly lowlife man/woman who's life events are: staying on formspring creating fakes and starting shit. Seriously  I'm not the bitch  you are. END OF STORY. KCOOLBYE. i have a life show your face Anonymous
1	ohh look the girl who fakes herself.... I only faked myself once!
1	Ok bitch.. wanna get started on me ?.. Ok one faggot is an over used term that people try to use on me to get me to feel bad.. two.your nothing but alowlife bitch who gets the kicks out of starting shit with people don't comestarting shit on my formspring well i want to bitch
1	Okae then bitch you dont got any quick comebacks now do you you fucking FAKE!!!/ wow pathetic much?
1	SLUT LEAVE BETTY ALONE CUNT FACE she is the slut
1	STFU YOU HOE. you piece of shiit. wow i feel insulted
1	stop annoying betty btw. you're  a really sad little girl/boy . You think ur all grown up now using big words . stupid child  living a fake life behind a damn keyboard and a screen. how more pathetic can you be ? girl I'm not fake hun
1	"stop leaving stuff like ""fake"" on your own formsrping. dead give away dumbass. SUCK A CUNT what are you talking about?"
1	Stop making fakes of yourself. You are ugly as fuck. You're not actually 16 bitch. And you're deff not a cyrus. Get a mother fucking life  cunt. I don't make fakes of myself person so get your fakes straight js
1	u know u care that betty is way better looking than u she is fugly
1	Ugly piece of shit stop talking about yourself.
1	ugly. i know you are
1	Uhm you did  right down there vvvvvvv. You're the 'dumbfuck'.  Stop starting shit with everyone  kcoolbye. bitch your the one who is copying me
1	Ur face is nasty yep
1	what am i going to do? hahaha  what am i going to do? haha  what im going to do is get some bitchess to kick the living shit out of your ugly fake wanna be bitch made ass. yea right don't make me laugh
1	who are you? yo momma
1	why are you still alive? idk D; you tell me
1	Why did you fake yourself? That's lameeee you know there is like a lot of hate groups on myspace of you? I DON'T FAKE MYSELF SHUTUP
1	"why not? and all you have to say is ""nope"". oh and leave people alone(: delete this you fucking fake :) I AINT FAKE FYI"
1	wow you're a fucking fake. if you're tired of everyone talking shit on you formspring  either stop talking shit to them first  or delete the damn thing. gosh  you're fucking retarded. I forgot how stupid people are these days  and that would be you. whatever bitch
1	"Wow you're fucking stupid. You told a girl whoo had her info showing ""Show your face anonymus"" and your comebacks fucking suck. ""Fighting over the Internet is like being in the special olympics  even when you win  you're still retarded."" um looks who's talking your talking shit to me. stop being a hypocrite (:"
1	y do u have a big nose seriously no girl have a big nose ? so not as big as yours
1	Yo shorty  This bitch fake! I'm not fake : )
1	you are nasty. (: so are you
1	you are stupid and ugly. that's what you are
1	YOU DONT EVEN FUCKING HAVE FAKES STOP THE FUCKING BULLSHIT AND GET A LIFE JEZUSS. HOW OLD ARE YOU KID? LIFELESS BITCH YOU NEED HELP. Yes i do
1	YOU SHOULD DIE kay
1	"you should listen to the song ""big weenie"" by eminem (: it describes you SO much!!!!! everyone feels this way towards you xD lol are you sure your not describing yourself?"
1	you sure as hell look like a dog.  don't fucking call me 'hun'.  got it. i don't look like a damn dog hun lol i just did what you gonna do about it (:
1	you're fucking pathetic so are you for commenting my formspring
1	you're mean. okay
1	you're one of the ugliest bitches I've ever fucking seen have you seen your face lately because if you had you wouldn't be talkin hun (:
1	you're the bitch :) fuck off. I'm not a dog hun
1	your a fake. your a fake for calling the REAL hailey fake on her formspring. what a lame bitch :) your lame for no leaving your stupid username
1	your a fuckin ugly bitch you look like a man in the face :) whatever you say (:
1	your come backs are fucking horrible you dumb bitch. wtf  are you like fucking five? you're like. 'i know you are but what am i?' yeahhhh. no. bitch get a fucking life. i have one unlike you hun
1	Your comebacks suck balls like i said do yours
1	Your comebacks suck balls so do yours
1	Your face is nastyy your just jealous
1	your fucking ugly. like your mom
1	your mad ugly. true talk. like your face
1	your not FUCKING pretty  stop hating on grace and all these pretty girls  your just jealous. omg why would i wanna be jealous of them?
1	Your probably the one faking KAI! HUH! FUCKING BITCH! hun i have a life unlike you
1	Your so fucking immature I'm sorry you have no friends so you have to be rude to everyone your just jealous im sexy and your not :P stupid Anonymous show your face faggot
1	your thing says your very sexy.. lololol hah ! LIES ! ! :) stalker much?
1	your ugly as fuuuuck ( : betty is 10000% prettier than youuu  so stopp being a bitchhh. psh yea right
1	your ugly your momma
1	YOURE UGLY (: stop talking about yourself :)
1	andrew once again stop talking to MY friends. nobody likes you. you think your hot shit and thats whats annoying. bye failed rapist :) Hahahaha :D
1	ASSHOLE ???
1	"Aw see even nico does nott want too go near you. I like that you try and typeall ghetto. YOU dont fucking scare me you bitch. Ill fucking kill you if we faught. You'd probably bring your ""ghetto friends"" Bahahaha. Who would that be? Bella and kendall? Pff Actually i would love to ""go near her""  but im not the kind of asshole who puts that sort of unfair pressure on a girl :) and shut the fuck up  you're not hardcore you cunt....you probably know nothing about fighting and im sure you'd get fucked up in a real fight  so stop acting badass and go aay unless you're gonna stop being a bitch and do something about it."
1	"Aww you'll have some beat my ass? Your not ""badass"" enough to do it yourself? Exactly what imeant by pussssssyss<33333 Cause you're probably a fuckin girl. Tell me who youu are and ill do it myself."
1	does it look like i give a flying fuck? ;] you should  cause you're a friendless faggot
1	dudde ima fuuck you til you bleed:) Haha sorry I'm not into that sort of thing
1	dude you are such a fucken fagget ahahaha Ahaha that's funny you anonymous bitch!!! :)
1	"EW FUCKKK NO SHES UGLY AS FUUUCCKKK. If she was ugly as ""fuck""  then i wouldn't be talking to her you retard...i know a pretty girl when i see one"
1	ew i wuld never be jelous of ur life. coke yup thats a drug to but u still seem to handle with it a lot. no one gives a flying fuck about ur life and leave andrew the fuck alone bc u only hate him for the firey cunt haha i don't do coke you idiot...and i dont give a fuck about that guy he's the one commenting on my formspring so shut up
1	ew VVVVVVV I don't know which question you're pointing at asshole.
1	exactly. ur not hard get the fuck over urself How about you get over me and get the fuck out of here.
1	FRANCES &&&& NiCO; take uur convo's to private no one wants to hearrr all loveyyy doveyy!!!! shutup!!!! ahaha shut upp
1	Frances seriously stop trying to make people feel bad for you  ugly bitch. She's not ugly you stupid cunt  she's beautiful...why don't stop talkin crap and get a life you silly fuckstick. Damn  like honestly how much of a loser do you have to be to talk shit over formspring.?
1	fuck no im not jealous of the ugly ass freak. Bitch  suck my fucken dick. Why don't you say that shit to my face you fuckin pussy?
1	haha keep saying shit ill kill you Well then you'll go to jail!
1	Hahah stfu q; hehehe about the bra thing?
1	hahaha funny id love to see that forest fire fight Sounds like a challenge. How bout you fight me?
1	"hahaha! to the hater who said im ""ugly as fuck"";;youu need to open your eyes bc iknow im farr from ugly''&& im not being conceited--just confident[; so you cann hushh that[; && babe if your gonna talk shit'say it to my face<3 I think i had it under control Love(;"
1	hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahaahahahahahahahahahahahha your funny im not at all That's good for you  you can stop talking to me.
1	I DO know you on a personal level. Bitch. Well if you can't support me and my decisions then maybe we shouldn't be friends. BITCH.
1	i dont givafuck. ur friendless  previously stated in one of my other comments. except for firey  bitch ahaha i do have friends  and i know who they are so don't try to teach me about my own life.
1	i guarantee you guys wont be going out by the end of summer.. I guarantee that you're a fuckin retard....soooo fuck you
1	i hate ur fucking guts. u & lindsey? grossest thing ive ever seen Haha there's nothing special between us so shut your mouth...and she's better than you  depending on if you're a girl or not haha
1	I have my shit straight  she wears like the same T-shirts.. her little pink and white stripped shirt or the plaid blue and red or pink shirt or whatever  and maybe some random ones.. with jeans or shorts and vans. OWNED. Ahaha not really dumbfuck!!!! And even if she did i wouldnt mind  cause i dont care what other people think...all i care about is her.
1	i hope you know i hate you. frances is one of my best friends! ass hole! Good for you...I don't see why you hate me though?
1	ill fight you bitch haha fuckoff loser i don't know who you are
1	Im not jealous  Im disgusted. Shes grosss. Ummm she's really not...get your shit straight before you start frontin'.
1	im not Jewish im catholic so suck a dick No thanks I don't like dick
1	"LEAVE FRANCES ALONE SERIOUSLY DUDE ALL YOUR GOING TO DO IS HURT HER YOUR OVER HERE ""TALKING"" TO HER AND TALKING TO SABREENA AT THE SAME TIME! aha sorry im not talking to sabreena  we're just good friends  dumbass."
1	lets see it then ? ( : && i was born in th ghetto si wtfuhh you know bout tht cuhh? ahaha not a damn thing! get on my level trickk. show a name & catchh ahh fade lil homiee. & no you know what dont stay away from me  come find me bxtch ;D<33 .
1	no i dont why on earth would i wish for something like that?! i actually wish you would stop being a fucking player! How am i a player at all? Maybe if you knew me then you would know that im the one who gets played..
1	no it's too fun Then you must have a very dull life...loser
1	No you wont. Haha listen asshole  you can't sit there and try to tell me about MY feelings unless you know me on a personal level and we're good friends.
1	no. I hate taylor she used to b firey until she dyed her hair okay i dont really give a shit so find something better to do than criticize me.
1	No. Im not. But thanks for throwing that out there ;) Uhh you sound like a retard when you say shit like that  cause you dont know what's gonna happen...we could be going out for one day or one year  but it doesn't matter cause ill always feel the same about her.
1	not telling. you will have to just find out on your own. it probably won't be too hard though. Haha oh yeah...fml....but youz a bitchass nigga
1	oh frances hunny dont try and talk all ghetto your white ass doesnt fucking scare me  i will break you in fucking half. Dude back the fuck off....i probably don't even know you so get the FUCK off of my fucken page and stay the FUCK away from Frances.
1	r u gay Nah bro  I'm straight as can be
1	say it to my face trick ass nigga i will fxckin murder you i aint tryna make no body feel bad so you can hush that you got something to say then please  step up && show a namee fuckinn bitch. whuss up?! .
1	they are pointing to the one about me. You dont know a damn thing about me so stfu! seriously if you new me you wouldnt treat me the way you do im a human being and i have feeling so respect that  fucking ass hole. im sorry nico. Frances don't be so angry  this person is obviously jealous of you in some way and they talk shit on you cause they think you'll stoop to their level so they can be even with  you....don't worry about them  just ignore it<3
1	too late  i hate you I could give two shits and a fuck about your hatred for me :)
1	ur gonna have a lot of shit on here cuz a lot of ppl hate u I've actually anticipated that  and I'm already aware that a lot of people hate me...
1	WHATEVER. Im gunna leave before you guys cry & get yourselves hurt  i mean your begging me to leave  bye pussys!!!!!!!!!!!!! You're the one being anonymous! Give me your name and ill have someone beat your ass.
1	WHORE! You know it :)
1	y3ah im sur3 sh3 d0nt want y0u.. Oh thats bad news :/ and nice gay typing dude
1	yeah go ahead and play victim  i do know you nico. thats how i know your a player. Fuck you bitch  if you did know me then you would know that Lindsey and Haley both played me so shut your mouth
1	You and frances gross me out  nastiest couple ive ever freakin seen. Your way out of her league like no joke. I appreciate you trying to help  but its not working...so why don't you go away and stop being jealous  yeah?
1	your a fagggggg You're a bitchhhhh
1	your my bitch and ill kill you nigga How bout you suck my dick?
1	your still gay and a bitch haha Well you're a rapist so fuckoff
1	Your the one talkin shit back.. fuckstick? i mean seriously how 5th grade can you get? I didn't know 5th graders were so badass....why don't you get out of here before i fuck you in the ass so hard  your kids won't be able to sit down for the first 8 years of their lives!!!
1	Are you a cat or dog person? dog definantly
1	Christina Aguilera or Lady Gaga? Christina always.
1	Do u have a gag reflex? Do you have a name?
1	Do you bite your lip a lot? Not really
1	Do you have an innie or an outtie? innie.
1	Do you think it s sassy when people of the opposite sex swear every once in a while when they usually don't?: i guess..
1	Do you think it's okay for guys to wear pink? Sometimes. but its usually gay ahha
1	Girls: Have you evr queefed while having sex?  Guys: has your girl queefed?  My bros chick did && he was lhfao!!! Yes and don't be embarrassed. Its very very natural and the my guy likes it :]
1	Have you had your wisdom teeth taken out? yes
1	how many times do you eat in a day? on the hour every hour :] haha
1	How old were you when you learned to swim? idk how old i was when i started doing anything dude. lol
1	How would you like to die? Unexpectedly and when Im really old
1	I am done spamming for the day. Leave me things. Thanks <3 Have a good rest of the day! kkk
1	i totally asked a guy to prom....guess what he said!!!???? Yes and then didnt show up haha
1	i'll give you a scenario: what if your friend dated someone who is in a relationship  or had a relationship with someone who is in a relationship? what will you do? its not my business.  if it were up to me  they shouldnt do that. I believe its called being a homewrecker. but its not my business to poke around in. I would voice my opinion if asked but thats all :]
1	ILL UNFOLLOW YOU JUST LET MY DUMB ASS KNOW!!!! I DONT NEED YOUR BULLSHIT!!! :))) THANKS &&  ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR DAY! PEACE! hahhah
1	kaydoll is bettaa than rhubinathy cuss she will suck my dick and the othe fat hoe wont and i luv it my sluts okay?
1	Lets jump off the bridge together! You go first... I check if it works  ill reconsider.. haha Yup thats prolly what would happen. The first time I went to the falls in monroe..(don't know if you've heard of them?) but its a waterfall you jump off. well anyways everyone hade been there before except me and it was night of course..im a retard lol and I was the only one that would jump. No second chances :] haha
1	MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO moooo back.
1	My dick throbbs for ur attention. Call me 7273684229 wow good one.
1	PLEASE can I poop in your mouth No. and anonymousness is just your way of not being able to show yourself. At least have the dignigty to leave your name if your going to talk. Bahahha!
1	Please stop harassing me on my formspring :( I don't harass people on formspring. Will you stop harassing me :( you keep leaving anonymousness on my page. r Keep your negative thoughts off my FS please and thank you very much. :]
1	remember Cassie? lol No? who's cassie?
1	Rhianna next year??? lol Definantly :] Cant waittt!!
1	SMILE4MEXXX IS TRAILER TRASH. A RACIST FAT COW. A BIMBO FUCKING SLUT. AND WORTHLESS AS HELL. ALL SHE'S GOOD FOR IS SOMEONE USING HE BODY FOR SEX AND DUMPING HER ON THE STREET WHEN THEY'RE DONE USING HER ;) thats not veryy nice :/
1	so ... sober sunday  messed up monday  trashed tuesday  wasted wednesday  thirsty thursday  fucked up friday  shitfaced saturday  whats your favorite day of the week Umm..sober sunday?
1	So tell me  where do you think the FS pervs come from? Why do you think they are pervy? Idk i dont have them
1	spam for spam? :) shore :)
1	ur really odd you think so :] whys that?
1	what accent bothers you? i guess all accents are neat and nice in the beginning but to live with it for ever....idk. I cant stand the hick-red neck blahhhh i gotta talk like im stupid and have no knowledge as to what im saying yaaaahhh'lll. UGh. Hate it. haha
1	What character from a movie most reminds you of yourself? i hate repeat questions. ha
1	What is the difference in love and in love with someone? idk what your asking.
1	What item of clothing do you have the most of? tanks :)I wear them under everything!
1	what made you interesting? The responses to the questions i've been asked :] and perhaps the questions i ask others. haha idk what your asking.
1	What ring size are you?: r Why do you wonder? Show your face.
1	What were you like when you were a kid? fun  outgoing  very blunt  and more like a 16 year old in a 4 year olds body haha
1	What would u do for a cheeseburger? Sex? No. I dont like cheeseburgers.
1	What year do you or did you graduate high school?2007
1	What's under your bed? :O the floor. :P
1	When was the last time someone hit on you? people dont hit on me lol
1	Who are the 3 most overrated musicians? Hmm..overrated?r r Taylor Swiftr Jonas Brothersr Miranda Lambert
1	Why are people so fascinated with when the world is going to end? idk. but you seem to be one of those people. i think ive answered 6 questions about the world ending
1	Why is Tyra(nasurus) Banks such a dumb bitch? idk. i didnt know she was?
1	whyy dose rubinathy15 ask stoopid questions? erase the dum betch why are you talking to me in anonymousness? be a man. show your face. Hahah
1	Would u rather be a flaming gay handicapped nigger with cherubism or a white trash skitzopherenic amputee with turettes? i guess if i HAD to choose..the second one. at least with turettes i could make ppl laugh! :]
1	You can flip a switch that will wipe any band or musical artist off the earth  who would it be? Jonas brothers.
1	809 9501 <----Alexis's Phone Number   Ima post It On Myspace! You little bitch ! haha &you bettter nott ; ill kill you <3
1	Bitchezz beloww me I would say ur name but yeww put it on anonymus pussy ass bitchez talkin shit on Alexis she ckan show Herr  fuken boobs if she wants don't be jealous cuz yeww prolly don't gawt any it's ok tho and bitch wen she sayz write to her she Lmao   haters<3
1	Bitchh really yur saying shez fat now bitch yur probly the fat lonely ass flat chested bitch who ckant get none so stop hating AND PLEASE BITCH TAKE YUR SHIT OFF ANONYMUS DUMM ASS BITCH !!!!!! Lol the day the bitch takes it off anonymous is the day she grew some balls!
1	DAMMn GiRRRRRLLL U bEE LOOKiNN mAD SEXii! =) iWOOD DO U iNN aLL SORTDs Of WAyS. LOl thass cute(:
1	Day or Night? Hmm idk  night ?
1	dayumm stupid fuckin cunts stop talking your shit get a fuckin life go suck your moms dick and chock on it dayumm lil pussys take it of anonamis or watever -stephanie iloveyou alexis :) Haha I knoow huh but they don't matter(: I love youu too Stephanie<3
1	Did u now tht ur ugli I lovee ahh haterr<3 but did you know that your uglier than my dogs shit? Nahh juss kiddin I'm not a bitchh like youu(:
1	Do u wnt 2 suk my dick? Umm i don't wanna catch anything :/ sorry(:
1	Do you give free Bjs? In yoo dreams maybeee; butt in reality you gotta faceee the factss sweetiee<3
1	Do you have a cell phone? Yuuup .
1	DO yOU WATCH PoRN? Haha funny question(: i would answer you butt it doesn't mattr <$
1	Dumb bitch! Fuchkkk you and your stupid friends! Your all pussies! None of you can handle on your own! You always need your friends to get in everything! Your honestly waisting m time but whtevrr.. I don't care wht you think juss come and say it to my face..
1	fuck the lakers! GO CELETICS NOOOOO! Fuck YOU &your Celetics(:
1	FUk you yall betches!! If this is Arron you really need to get off my ass! Call me a bitch idc I know I am! But I think your retarded&& hella ugly!!! & dont put a pic of your body only wen you don't got a nice one :D and naah nigga fuck YOU!
1	go 2 hell afterr youu !
1	Hey bitch boobs don't count when the only reason you have them is because your FAT!!! Fat or skinny I still got em   way better than having NOTHING ! Get a life bitch and get off anonymous with this bullshit.
1	Hey bitch don't get mad at people who write on here cause YOU ask people to write to you. Hey bitch  who said I was mad ? Assume whtevr but if your gonna talk shit put your name alright?
1	http://ihatejade.com/?id=jol7x489l1xserck7mk8cwu74d3ycy Wth?
1	I hope yhu dnt thinkkk yhur prety casue yhur not! Well you're uglierrrr(: your life juss get lowerr each day. So keep talking your shit.!
1	I like da way yo show off dem titties! your trippn .
1	I like that you're a perv - cause you are HOT! hmm .
1	i lovee youu alexiss<33r and i hate dominic(: I love you too<3
1	im gnna fxk u up!!!!!! ur a dum hoe Take your shit off anonymous and then we can talk . &you probably know what being a hoe is all about bitch.
1	Kikk her ass?? VVV haha wtf try her bitch i dare yuh!!!! ily alexis Lol   ily too!!
1	Meanzz to ask her questions and stuff nawt talk shit on anonymus pussy ass bitchez watever tho yew guyz don't mean shitt to her and don't affect her so be a bitch to Someone who cares pussy ass fuken ugly bitchez fukk youu!!!!! Love alwyz marissa <3 ily a Got that right(: I love youu too<3 Maybe the pussy ass bitches will say it to my face one day !
1	Oh ISSS THAT FAGGOT ISAYAH GOIN TO BEE DER??? Is your mom gonna be there??? Fuckk you bugg!! and it takes a faggot to know a faggot hunnyyy
1	Remember that gurl u fight last year? Hmm; maybe why? She wants another ass beating? Lol jkk
1	SARAH STANFORD TAKES IT UP THE BUTTHOLE. Youur mean stop hating :)
1	shee dontt havee no big ass boobS :P (NOT YHUU) ahaha UhhKrystal   iRely donnt gett youu ! Lol
1	stanford has a penis. its probably bigger than yours :D but why are you telling me this  im not even her friend ? lmao<3
1	Tootsy is eww She gonnna kick yoo ass :0 lol
1	VVV so you have nutts? i knew it. hahaha Yea maybe you should grow some and take it off anonymous next time (:
1	Wait Nevermind I Am Signed In Dumb ass(:
1	Who is yer soccer plyer? My bby(:
1	Who's the sexiest man alive? Dj RowdyA &your daddy(;
1	Why r u such a bitchh??? I hate u I'm gonna kick ur ass whore!! Your the bitch for having it on anonymous . Do you honestly think I care if your low life ass hates me?? Your probably ALL talk so just shut up now !
1	Y do u hang out wit dat eZ girl? U int evn eZ gurl pik a betr friend Well don't hate on whoever your referring to.
1	YHUUU READY TO GET YHUR A$$ BEat THIS SATuRDAYY?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!!??!?!????!?!?!?!?!?!!??!!??!!??!?!?!!?!??!?!?!?!?!?!???!?!?!?!??!?!?!? You can try  but it won't happen.. I don't know why your ass is still talking to me.. I don't like to talk to ugly bitchessss
1	Your a S l U t I don't recall becoming you.  but if you say soooo
1	YOUR NOT FAT ALEXIS!! SHe'S THE FAT ASS lOW LiFE BITCH!!! Haha thanks (: who are youu ?
1	Your to young what love is bitch so do you use it!!! Dumb whore put your boobs away!!! Get some boobs   &a life !
1	Your ugly x)! Thanks but I think you need Jesus in your life
1	- ilOVEU fAtASS ! <3 love yew 2
1	- YO fAt ASS ! Yodda!
1	! w@nN@ l!qqhH+ y0 d!(K 0N f!r3 N d3nN sM0k3 !t w!+ m@ v@q!n@ lol yew on sum otha shxt nd not even dressed in all black
1	! wUnN@ sU(k y0 d!(k so kum nd do it
1	!m@ b3 pu++!n d!$ pu$$zzy 0n y@ $!d3 burn$ !n @ $3c0nd. @l$0 ! D0 d@ b3$+ d33p thr0@+ !n d@ vv0rld. ! C@n $h0v3 13 !nch3$ d0wn m@ +hr0@+ @+ 0nc3. ! @!n+ ly!nq well lemme trow mine dnt yo thoart nd iDnt eat pussy so ya wont be duin daT
1	aye dhis daddy pelt wtf get outa hea bxtch!!
1	B!+(h !M@ B3 PUMP!N D!S$Z D!(k !N Y0 3@R S0 H@RD DAM BRUH I BUST3D A L0@D 0F CUM !N MA M0MMASZ HA!R SH3 MO!STURIZIN IT DO3. I P!CTURE Y0 VA@GIN@ T0 BE3 ALL H@!RY N $$H!ZZZZ W@!T T!L ! MUNCH ON DAT N@PPY BROWN H@!RY H@!T!@N PUZZIE hoe ass bxtch how bout ya show yo face pussy..nd stop kuming hidden...So how bout ya suk mi dik nd die slowly
1	bitch i can rap beta den yo ugly ass lol go suk my dik nigka kum check outside lakes park n we will see...Who diz anywaysz???
1	bitch you kant rapp niqquh.! suk my dik pussy
1	did alix suk yu up wtf bxtch iAnit gayy nd no da fukk he anit lyke wat iLuk lyke iOnly do gurlz now clea it! Bxtch !!
1	do yew kno yew uqlyy as fukc? do yew kno dat yo mom iz stank ass hoe lmao
1	drip y@ cUm oN mi lYkK h0+ w@X lol
1	Formspring Me (: mhm ohkay
1	fU(K m3 !N dH@ A$$H0l3 hell no !!!
1	G!mm3 d@+. Hawt ass dikk kum get it den
1	Haha u gotta step ur formspring game niqqa lmfao wAt fuking formspring game
1	HOW BIG ISZ YO DICK itz 8inchez nd im still growing
1	how dem tittties. i herd dey stil qrowin. lol dnt got none
1	I cuuldd sl!d3 uhhpp and dwn on dhat dikk kum on den..gimmie yo numba nd ima call lol
1	i h3rd yUh sU(k3D @L!X's D!(K n y@LL cUM3D !N 3@(H 0+3RszZ 3Y3sz N m0@n3D @ll n!qH+ l0Nq wtf bxtch get da fuk out hea wid dat ish WUT I LUK LYKE !!!
1	I kno its funny.laff away nigguh. Ok.bah. lol
1	i want to squat over your face and pee in you eyeballs. LOL datz outrageous
1	I WUNT YO CUM ON MY LIPSZ. ohkay tell mi when nd where
1	IM HUMPIN DA CUMPUTER SCR3333N THINKIN ABOUT YUH N Y0 D!(K lmfao bye
1	IMA BITE DA TIP OF YO DICK OFFF N SPLATTER IT INTO ITTY BITTY PIECES oh naw iAnit on dat ish iNeed my dik
1	is u gay hello no bxtch clea itt of mi ish!!!
1	iz yyo cum realie gray???? umm wtf?
1	iz yyo cum realie pink???? no wtf?
1	KUM ON DEN WIT DAT BIG DICK yew gotta tell mi wea ta kum at
1	"LIST3N ""MILLIONBABII"" ! B3+ Y3w @!N+ W0R+h $H!+ !Dk WhY YuHh (@ll Y0 S3Lf DH@+ N YuH m@D CuHh Y00 COOCH ST@NK man yall anit guna bring dat ish on my stuff"
1	Lmao but then alix will see mee lol how bout ya give it tew mi nd iWont accept the komment duh
1	lmfao shxt dhatss whyy dheyy anonymouss ckuss dhem hoess nastyy n i saiid dnt get hurt ckuss yew bee gettinqq slickk n dnt bee fuckinqq wit mhe lol ohka
1	lolss damn baee dhiss femaless reallyy want ur dickk lmao im telling yew
1	lolss iknoo yew do n gurl shut up yew anonymous im through argureinqq wit yew lol wow
1	-lolss yall hoess desperatee ass fuckk myy niggahh dont want yall brahh get real lmao deep throat hoee yew nastyy dhat shxt aint ckutee watchh yew gon catchh sum shxt hoe like seriouslyy dhat aint ckute anywayss sliden daddyy.* lmfao iFeel ya
1	m33 yuhH n ma d@d qo++@ h@v3 a 3s0m3 a$aP lol wtf hell no
1	n!qq@ l3@v3 @l!X @l0n3 H3 m!N3 n!qq@hH wtf do iLuk gay datz mi homeboi
1	n!qqA@ yUhH $+@R+!N tA b3 m3@N iAm hoe
1	NIGGGA YUH LOOKIN GUUD L8LY ...
1	NIGGGAH ISZ YUH CIRCUMSIZED kum luk bxtch
1	samee here n twakiin tew dhiss ckutee boyy namedd hottboii mikeyy lol o wow yew funny
1	Seee im makin u famous dese girls crazi dawg lol nigka suk a big ass dik
1	she askinq you do you have a pull back slow boy wel;l she anit writing properly dumb bxtch md how bout yall kum luk
1	u are sooo nastyy ! naw im juz freaky
1	uhmm bestie... y dnt u evr get da braces?? ya teeth are fcked up??? Lmao who diz ? nd iDnt have all mi teeth so suk a big slab lol
1	Vv3 h@d $3xx d@ 0+h3r d@Y @nd y0 p3n!$ $m3lt l!k3 p!zz@. D@$ q00d. @nd y00 cum +@$+3 l!k3 (h33$3(@k3 no we didnt
1	WhY dDOo yOU tAwK tWO aLOt oF fEmALES aS yOU sAY? bekuz itz fun lol...n iDont lyke nigka's so dats y
1	why do guy's like ass so much  usually don't get any. lol idk
1	wHy yUhH w0N+ fU(K m3 !N d@ @$$ h0l3 ??? dH@+ $h!+ b3 f33l!n t!qH+ 0N y0 d!(K ! h3@Rd no komment
1	Wood you smash tevon k33n??? bxtch iAnit gay cleaa it
1	would yuh eva fuk a gurl named Zurii ?? y Not she a gurl rite nd she got a pussy !!! lol hehe
1	y0 d!(k !$Z SM@LL nd no itz not yo moma anit say ish...but yew want it doe
1	y0 lip bitin pic uqlie azz fuck!! n ya dick small alix told me!! nigga yew juzz ugly!! Bxtch fuk wrung wid yo no lyfe aihh nd anit gay so alix anit see mi dik so get ghost fuk face hoe !!!!!!!!
1	Y3@@@ NIGG@ YUHH LUUK GAY bxtch suk mi slab nd get lost ... YODA!!!
1	YEW EVA CUNSIDERED SMASHIN A WHIT3 GURL WIT NICE NIPPLES????????? sure nd iHave smashed a white gurl
1	yhu conceited lah bastard ! lol lol huh wat yew mean?
1	YO VAGINA FLAPPY LMFAO iDNT HAVE ONE
1	yu a dam lyee mikey yu kno ya mom behh tearn ya asz up. lmfao wea yew get dat from
1	Yuh $h@t3z l!n3c!@ n j!k3r!@ luuk lyk tr!pl3t$ n yo m@ iz pr3c!0u$ fr0m d@ m0v!3 iDnt undastand wat ya saying
1	YUH FUCKIN S3XI ASZ LIP BITIN NIGGA Thankz
1	yuh n333d @ d!(K iN y0 m0utH datz wat yo mom need bxtch ass hoe hoop da fuk up off mi ish...nd kum swallow my bulletz hoe !!!!!
1	yuh qo widddd sh@t3zZZz/???? yea iDo go wid shorties
1	yuu kno yuu so lame? ndd yuu caint tlkk to that muchh qurls hav yuu seen yurselff hahahahahah noooo bxtch have yew seen yo self r ya ugly ass
1	are you ready to get beat in a game of soccer? (; By who? Dina sucks at soccer so its not her!:P
1	FUCK YOU YOU SON  Mhm! By who? Haha don't be anonymous pussy.
1	hello mr gay fuck What's up mr. pussy?(: Say shit to my face.
1	I wanna fuck you. Oh? Thank you!
1	lol ok now ur just straight up lying. faggot. Yahhhhhhhh cause you know my whole life right? Get off my formspring and stop asking anonymously pussy duecessss!
1	looks like you can talk..but can you follow up on what your saying? Of course I can duhh! You suck at soccer sukka!
1	mhhm sureee. thats why i made varsity? and you didnt?? thought soo :) There is a differene though. Girls is easier to make than boys.
1	ok this is tatum krista's friend this is her profile thing and i wanted to go on hers cuz she told me she had ?s on herer she didnt answer cuz there stupid and i wanted t oread them so i did but she told me about you and she is not obsesed with you Haha whateverrrr dude you don't even know anything she does. I don't even fucking know you! You don't even fucking know me! Like seriously get the fuck off of my profile like for real im done with her bullshit it's fucking annoying. You can ask anybody ask any of my friends. She is fucking obsessed GOODBYE!!
1	pfft..are you forreall? i am a beast at soccer(: watch me beat you! You can stay in your dream land that your in hahhaa
1	see i told u tht u r a playa. stop playing girls u cunt.. Yuup say shit to me in person not over formspring bitch.
1	"This is not ""Krista"" for the last time I have no flippen idea who ""krista"" is Your fucking stupid!!! You didn't put your name as annonimus fucking retard!!! Fucking leave me alone stupid kunt dueces!!"
1	u kno u want to fuck me. Hahh who is this?
1	what are you doing? Your mom(; Lol jk just answering questions wbu?
1	what is your favorite clothing brand Fox  and famous(:
1	"who tha fuck is ""Krista"" r this is not ""Krista"" Im not stupid. Fucking leave me alone your a crazy bitch that needs to get over me. Stop texting me every second of the fucking day! EVERYONE THAT IS READING THIS< KRISTA IS AN ANNOYING BITCH THAT IS OBSESSED WITH ME AND SPREADS RUMORS ABOUT ME BECAUSE I DONT LIKE HER. I FUCKING HATE HER!! LEAVE ME THE FUCK ALONE!"
1	why do u hate ________ now? Can you put a name in there please?
1	y do u lyk a new girl every week..what happened 2 Dina??? I like her  but she pushed me away. Sooo enough about girls.
1	"ya i know cuz i am letting you know who this is. r my name is Tatum Not ""krista"" Your fucking stupid like seriously mentally retarded stupid! Laterrrzzz"
1	.. STFU TABI ... you may not be fake .... but your a bitch annd need to go back to Idaho .. HOEEE ... orr just go to W'ford.. your better off ther anyways (: .. you have like 1 maybe 2 friends in brock  soooo leave haha okay jordin
1	...If you want to go back to Idaho so bad why dont you??? ... Texas doesnt want you here anymore than you want to be soo .. just leave!!! i would if i could. and texas is a state. if you want me gone so bad buy me a plane ticket hoe.
1	A girl name Tarren has half of your pics.  WTF is going on then she is a fake  give me her link.
1	Are you a happy person? yeppp im usually always happy :)
1	Ballfuck  she's real. Get over it. vv thankyou!!!
1	Be nice to Jack! :P uhhh? jack can be nicee to me  im sorry but he is being a real jerk and jack was probably the one who said this or scarlett because you didnt leave your name
1	Besides  the chick who's starting shit won't back it up and isn't even saying who SHE is. amen! hahaha  its pretty much just annoying now  except its kinda a compliment people think im fake :)
1	C cup or B cup how about a big cup of stfu?
1	damn go jack off watching a monkey DAMN well
1	damn. Flirting with another girls boyfriend. Idk what you call that where your from but in america that's what you'd call a whore... ummmmmmmmmmmmmm. i didnt no  and we were joking around the hole time. and no actually i think thats just called being ride  and i'll say sorry to the girl if i have to idc
1	dearest babydoll  vv Stop trying to start shit && grow the fuck up. I mean really? Is this what you do for a living is ask people if they're fake && ruin peoples lives? Grow some balls  grow up  && stop starting stuff(: :) awhhhh thankyou
1	Do u like Justin???? hahhahaaha another one of thses questions r maybe.
1	Do you lick dick? hahah WHAT???
1	Do you want me to rain on their parade? Sure hate ignorant Texans who believe that being from Texas gives them the right to act like low level scum suckers. The need to live in the real world and pull their head out of that dark place they have it shoved. amen
1	eat a dick you complain about texas all day shove it it! you just got told your suck a dick! so eat one ummmm your great
1	ever had sex? haha nope.
1	fake doesn't mean you look pretty? okay  welll the question that was asked was if i was fake  as in useing someone else pictures off the internet. and really i take that as a compliment because all the people who are ''fake'' i think look reall pretty soo stfu.
1	Fake! hahaha okay  1. i dont even look fake. 2. ill put up proof  3. your lame 4. i have family who commented my fs saying i wasnt sooo? lmao
1	Fakeeeeee???? nope. i pretty much already have proof  :)
1	Girls just wanna be you Tabi since they're using your pictures. You're obviously hot (; SHE'S REAL DUMB FUCKS. hahaahhaha  im starting to take it as a compliment lmao hahahah. :DDDDDDD
1	"Hahaha my mom was like smile for the camera! and then we posed bahahaha. ohmygod ""JAC YOUR ORDER IS READY"" hahahahaha  yep.r but why are you trying to be my friend? your mean to me :(r not trying to be mean."
1	Hahaha ohmyGod you are an actual jerk okay.
1	Hahahah Tabi  they're only calling you fake because they're jealous of you! (: hahha thanks  this is drivein my crazy hahah like wtffff
1	HAHAHAHA. I LOVE how they post everything anonymously. TABI ISN'T FAKE. If anyone is fake it's that Cheyenne girl. Seriously  just leave Tabi alone  you dumb good for nothing people :D hahah thankyou!! :D
1	Here's an idea  how about stop trying o get hook up with Tabitha and actually find someone who can suck you 3inches dick  hahaha doubt that will ever happen. No girl likes a pevert and a douche(: :D your perfect.
1	Hey  stupid people! See everyone here who knows Tabi in real life? Yeah  if you're that retarded to still call her fake then you should not be operating a computer. Just saying. hahahahahahahhhahahah oh my god i love you.
1	Hey all you idiots this is Tabi's sister and I know she isn't using any fake accounts so leave her alone already?-  Sam hahahaha thanks. they think i am using fake pictures  like this isnt me
1	Hoe okay  do you really have nothing better to do  and i know who this is because there are only a couple people who dont like me  soooo. probably just say it to my face  or ill just come talk to you :)
1	How's having like no friend's ? hmm im not sure  i'lll tell you when that happens. i have plenty.
1	I fucking hope you move you bitch!!!! good thing your not even showing your name. and i did to you was say i didnt wanna go to brock?
1	i have been the one who has been calling you a hoe and shit cuz bitch justin has a fucking girl friend so back the fuck off and quit throwing your self at him. your a whore. ok  i didnt no he had one.
1	i love how u have no life :):):):) <3 hahaahahahaaha. actuallyyy  you have no life for sayin that. i love my life.  i seriously laughed when i read this^^ you dont have a life  bcause no one likes you :) dumb bitch  get it striaght in your headu2665 hahahaha okay?
1	i love how u toold maddi to delete this monster  when u havnt even deleted your monster. yaa  biiittch. hahahahahaha okay  well i dont actually no how to delet it  i was looking out for my bf cuz i dont want people to say mean things to her  im tottaly fine with people saying stuff to me  but her? no.
1	I wanna show you one of my poems I wrote to you  the day we met. The day I knew I'm gonna like you till the end. And I still do. Idc If you never wanna date me ever again I don't blame you. if this is who i think it is  you have a girl friend. you got together the day you DUMPED me for somthing STUPID.
1	I'm not a whore :( hahaha what???
1	I'm texting you right now  if you don't respond I'm going to burn down your house  because I'm mean :( is this pryce.??
1	if i saw you without clothes i would baite as in master eww. stfu. perv.
1	if you didnt notice tabi. i was trying to say a definition of something. i wasnt saying anything mean to you so dont tell me to stfu k? i wasnt being mean or nice. so just stop. alright  just stop talking to me okay? hahaha
1	If your gonna call someone fake .. at least speel it right ... geez ... ily Tabiaah!! hahaha yeahhh
1	Leave Tabi alone  I know for a FACT she hasn't done anything to you. Pretty sure it's pathetic you're saying this shit anomalously because you don't have the balls to say it to her face. Who's fake now? Grow a pair and shut the hell up. We don't CARE. <3 i love you jo
1	Leave Tabitha alone perverts. She's not the type of girl  where she just want sex. She's a sweet heart  so don't fucking mess with her. :D your my hero<3 thankyou.r i love you husband.
1	Leave Texas bitch!! No one here wants you!! Quit hating on Texas and Brock  we were perfectly fine without you BITCH! ... sooo LEAVE! okay  buy me a plane tickettttttttttttttttt  thankyou
1	LMAO why would tabi be fake? hahahaha it cracks me up that they put up YOUR picture but put up a different name hahahaha thats low. so. back to a question cuz thats what these are for: hmmm.. do you like caramal apples? exactly  ugh it makes me mad we went to effing school together and they dont belive it hahah oh welllllllllllll.r why yes yes i do  and i like lemon drops
1	Naw nee naw nee naww neee SAMANTHA YOU WHORE
1	people you really dont have anythng better todo with yr lives thn mess with tabi?follow these steps.1:shut up 2:getalife 3:stop telling tabi shes a fake and that shes ugly 4:realize that the only reason you are mean is because your insecure!!falloffacliff hhahahahahha thankyou :) LOCKERBUDDIESFORLIFE.
1	r Who's the biggest douche bag that you know? you.
1	Really? Because i know many people who dont like you. Most of them claim to be your friend. Sooooo  stfu :) hahaha why are you telling me to stfu when you wasted your time writeing that? lmao okkkaaayy jordin.
1	"Say there is a man standing in front of you with $1 000 000 and he says ""To have this money all you gotta do is give me a blow job that lasts at least 10 minutes.""  Do you give the guy a $1 000 000 blow job or not? stfu"
1	She isn't bulmic! I made her really upset! If you want to talk shit to her  PLEASE shit talk me  instead of Tabi. So please leave her alone D:< :)thanks.
1	so  if the sexiest man alive were to rape you  would you enjoy it? cant rape the willing.
1	"Stop Calling Tabi ""Fake"" Obviously Your The Fake Bitch That Don't Have A Life I Don't Know Tabi But She Seems Like A Nice Person. HAHAHAHAH thankyou  im pretty sure that the anominous person get the picture now :) ha  now i just wanna find out who cheyenne is >."
1	Tabi isn't fake in anyways  so go suck a fat one. SERIOUSLY. I will beat your ass. I love you Tabi<3 ((: <3 thankyouuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Tabitha  ISNT a fake.people steal her pictures and put it on photobucket maybe. But she is the ONLY real deal. Keep accusing her she's fake  then get off her formspring. She knows who she is. So fuck off amen  <3
1	They're called skinny jeans. NOT make you skinny jeans. okayyyyyyy? hahahaha. im not fat?
1	this is a place for QUESTIONS  try asking some.r will you do me?r what color of condom?r kidding. but really. screw you.r and stop texting me.r and probably go fall down some stairs.
1	To the question below  when you said: im not fat? Arent you suppose to say I'm not fat  PERIOD? Cause if you put a question mark your saying your fat. DUMMY. ummmm actually im saying im not fat likee in your stupid for saying that.r *dummie
1	uhm no anonimus person. maybe you needa lose some homo. huh?? haha what
1	Uhmm ... I LOVE how you people are like quit being anonoymous ... and then someone saying that Jack needs to grow a pair ..... REALLL COOOL  :) .... <3 Amberr hahahhaahhahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaha.yeahhh
1	Ur facebook is a fake  cos I saw 5other facebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof oh please give me the links  that makes me really upset people are using my stuff  i sorta do have proof  i have videos from school  and to sign lanugage videos  and all my family is friends with me on it and people from school  but  tell me to make proof i will  but give me links?
1	Ur facebook is a fake  cos I saw 5other facebook with the same but diff last name and same pics and 1 has proof well i pretty much have proof  and haha im reall as can be
1	ur not even really marred????? that guy is a fagit u 2 r not even goin out?? i dont get the big deal ummmmmmmmmmmmmm? i think im aware that we werent really married haha im 14  and its not that big of a deal  and if you dont get it your not part of it ssooo you dont need to understand :)
1	ur not that pretty... and u think that ur the prettiest girl..wow its stupid.. your evil  go be rude somewhere else  i dont even think im pretty
1	"Vvv I'm sorry but I have a wife<3 Tabitha isn't a fake(: omfg! Let's make a song! An name it ""Tabitha Isnt A Fake So Fuck Off Anonmous You Have No Life Haha"" hhahahaahhaahaha  sounds like a good song. lmfao i litterally laughed at my computer for like 3 miniets  and my sister was like wtf"
1	Wanna have kids before youu2019re 30?: nope. im not getting married and im killing myself when im 32
1	whatever your a fake  and have nothing good to do with your life. hahahahahha okay.
1	when they mean fake  they mean your attitude is fake and your personality  not if shes dead or alive..um just saying ppl. hahahahahaha funny jordin  thats not what they mean  they are meaning i am useing someone else pictures and not my own so stfu okay?
1	Who is the sow who is giving you such a hard time? What a freaking bitch.! people who get mad because i say texas is stupid but really its a insider with my old school and fam. and alllll i said was i want to switch schools and go to a bigger one because im not use to a small school and there is more drama  and everyone freaks cuz there school isnt good enough for me or something idk  people.
1	Why do you think every guy wants you? They dont  hate to break it to you honey. well... i dont think anyone likes me?
1	Would you rather swim in a pool or the ocean? ocean  i like how its actually questions now and not loser bashing on me
1	you and i wanted to kick his ass  but after what he said  admitting his mistake and saying sorry. he is a GOOD guy  i hope you guys keep talking. he is PERFECT :)
1	You didn't get a brain that day either. They were only handing them out to people who would use them. what?
1	you give me wooooooooooood go play in traffic :(
1	you guys SHES NOT FAKE! got it? good. when she still went to my school she was out there with the fact shes a hoe. im glad shes staying in texas they can have her hahahahahaha okay. sweet whats your definition of hoe?
1	you look bulimic  your skinny. but thats okay because you got big jugs  and your hot. stfu
1	your beautiful inside and out thankyou <3333
1	"Your bio is quite interesting  it says  ""booo you whore."" Are you talking about yourself? I am very confused. jordin  i think i remeber telling you to leave me alone? but its  very interesting its from the movie mean girls :) but im very confused in why your still stalking me  and trying to put me down  stop now :)"
1	Your face is such a mess  why don't you get your dog something different to chew on? hahaha okay jordin
1	Your obsessed about how you look. oh i am? haha thats funny because half the time i dont do my makeup or hair unless i have to  and then i barely wear make up  but thats good you think that  i think im ugly  so i avoid mirrors.
1	your so fack  go suck a VAG! *fake r ummm im pretty sure i dont look like a fake at all im not that pretty  thanks though
1	your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd dont talk to me :(
1	your so hot you give me woooddddddddddddddddddddddddddd well  dont talk to me please  maybe go fall down a couple stairs
1	your so stupid  you say your not pretty to people so they can be like oh your so pretty blah-blah-blah!! so can you stop?? i mean i totally agree with you  your ugly as shit  no worse than ugly as shit  so go die. hahahahaha lmfao okay.
1	zip it dumpster baby? can you get anymore lesbian? hahahahaha actually i can ;D but wtf? hahahaha
1	zip up your pants girl! hahaha kayy
1	are you shemale? no im a female haha who wrote this
1	asian *porn
1	i bet you are a .............................NEMO........................STAR.............................SHIT >>..................................COW FAGGET lol well zobliviously i cant be them all you n00b lol
1	i heard youraped all kaylas cat then you killed and aet them for dinner is this ture?? lol check your spelling fool haha and while that is debatable.........yes......lily was the best.
1	ohhh you hoe how dare you you sock eating bitch lol jokes mmmmm socks.
1	r u retarded ? :P jking scientifically probs not but i would say yess lol :S
1	What's your favorite movie quote? Im coming.................. - Bella i dont want you to come! haha oh new moon how i love you.
1	who is this http://www.facebook.com/?ref=hp#!/photo.php?pid=367394&id=100000175835119 hint not lily i thought that hint not lily bit ment it was lily....i was wrong its some chick.....she's a whore....lol jokes i love her :)
1	u2584u2588u2580 u2588u2584 u2588u2584u2588 u2580u2588u2580 thank you but i am not a slut :D you must have been really bored to send me shit like that :D
1	Your lying to yourself if you think changing ur appearance and getting tattoos will make people not recognize how ugly you are on the inside. enough said wow thats totally not what i was going for. i dont want tattoos to change my appearance to hide anything. thts definately not my goal at all. and you think im ugly inside? thank you i appreciate your opinion. and your the only one who thinks that.
1	....I wanna be onn youu.
1	betsyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy what the fuckkkk What the fuck what? Haha (:
1	Can I ask you about shit? Yes of course haha.
1	hello? Ayeee! (:
1	If you could date any celebrity  who would it be? I believe i already answered a question pretty similar to this? Haha   read below yoo (:
1	No. Stop fucking lying. You used to smoke. We ARE NOT STTUPPPIDDDDDDD!! I myself have smoked with yuu before. Haha  chill out (:r Yehh  I used to. I'm kiddingg. r Buut I don't anymore :)
1	oh get over yourself. i dont look everyday  it sends me an email every time you answer. Never will (;  Youuuu get over yourself  stop trying to fuck freshman faggg. Damnn.
1	prettty girl That's not a questionnn but thanks ha (:
1	Ur gunna get jumped. U stupid bitch. What the fuck?
1	What's your favorite movie quote? We're here to fuck shit up. Of courseee man (:
1	who did you last go out with? cameren loomen? Uhhh nice spelling dumb ass..r It's C-A-M-E-R-O-N  L-O-O-M-A-Nr What the hell? Fucking idiot..r Anyway no  it was Layne Renyolds
1	Why are there two commas after shit?? 'Cause that's how I fucking put it   (: mmmmmhmmm
1	why are you such a bitch/whore cunt?r i hate ur guts Lol miki I love you toooo (;
1	im better tthan youu :) haha shut up anthony  you suck.
1	23 baby..i want yo beef oh really i told you my age go look at your inbox haha:) you want my beef huh:) wat you mean by that:)
1	don't call yourself shady. that's my nickname BITCH;DxP wat your the bitch as nigga that my name:) & for not showin yourself was a bitch move:) you just hating:)
1	dont talk to rubinathy15 she is stupid huh i smell a hater lol:)
1	fagg hahahahaha you the fagg buddy lol:)
1	http://ihatejade.com/?id=s04t0k8djbpnf8wo9bzvf566wo4vh9 huh wtf is that site  but fuckit  who the fuck care hahaha lol:)
1	http://www.formspring.me/emmadilema spam the worthless whore naw i wont:)
1	Please cyberfuck me?! I'm horny beyond imagination and I need you to make me wet! whateveryoulike23@gmail.com hmmmm hehe really well i just send you a email lol:) i said wasup sexi lol:)
1	Rate Her ; ---> Formsprinq.me/belindababyxo fasho lol:)
1	Why You Answer Everythinq W/ A Question? huh idk cuz it a question box lol!!
1	your top 5 ugliest people ive ever seen hahaha your funny you cant even see my top friends & i dont have a top five anyways:)
1	ayy yoo jordan yuh da bomb diggady :)r this is yur favorite black person since lik 8th grade :. who am i? get it right or ill b hela mad lmao ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm r r give me more hints r r please :)
1	ayy yoo jordan yuh da bomb ummmmmmmm
1	"austins new girllfriend is not uglly  && she is way way better than your nasty asss willll ever be. Ha evven youur so callled bestfriend ""katellyn"" aggress that kristens pretty tighht. i never said she was? me & her are good now  & okay thats your opinion  & yeahh ha cause ill believe someone i dont know (:"
1	brittany is from MAYODAN abbie aint from ellisboro  either.dumbass....and the lst 2 aintchur girls they dont evn lik u. I was naming people who live out in that area  ha yeahh okayy. I really don't care what some bitch thinks about me (:
1	damnn jordan youh got some HATERSS.! step on nem bitchess.! aha i love youhh <3 fuck the bulshiit and the dirtyy slutts it came outt of.!! hahahaha I love you abzilla killa! <3 and he'll yeahh fuckk the bullshitt!
1	don't you get tired of people always askin shit bout austin that really aint even there business? hahah  yeahh i do!
1	Excuse me  but whoever the fuck that is under me can shut their fucking mouth  you don't tell someone to go kill themselves motherfucker you go kill your self  seeing as you have nothing better to do then lurk her formspring. hahaha  i love youuu (:
1	ha all the bitches talk bout austin is just jealous  ha cuz austin got some and they can't ha  i laugh at the  like really  they aint got anything better to talk about but austin haha dumb bitches i swear its funny  hahahahaha GET A LIFE PEOPLE  THANK YOU  i love you rhiannon <3
1	How many times did you and that douche have sex excusee me?!
1	jordan leigh baby girl no matter what happens in life you are always and forever my best friend <33 you mean the world to me FUCK OTHER SHADY BITCHES(: im always gonna be here <3 i love you so much jordankinpoonanners <3 awww your always gonna be my BESTFRIEND  i love you so much allykinpoonanners <3 without you i would of been dead by now  you helped me so much  your like my sister. i love you! <3 fuck shady tricks (:
1	r u a virgin? uhm no
1	so i think austins a dumbass for leavin you your the most gorgeous thing i have ever seen. i would do anything for you beautiful awww  well thankk you  (:
1	that stupid bitch amber that went to our school tries to act like she ran our fucking school! we should put that bitchx back in her fucking place! hahaha  she deff didnt run our school  & never will !
1	wow you fucked austin when he hadda girll  haha and if you seriously think that people are jealous because you did you are fuckin dumb as hell  because im pretty sure that austin would fuck anything that moves .. so don't feel to special my dearr. &that's hahahahahaha  I just laugh cause you don't know nothing  if you wanna fuckk him go for it sweetheart  & I didn't know he had one  ha
1	your a dumb cunt. and you think your big shitt  when you arent even the dirt under my feet. your a piece of shit actualllyy. your phsycotic too. ha.what a winner. go kill yourself. hahahhahaha  thanks darlin (: & no thanks
1	"""DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!!"" lmfaoo xD WOW. TOO BAD YOU DON'T :/ too bad i dont what?"
1	"""I know right ur like only 12 stop acting like a slut""<--- people who say this...need to SHUT THE FUCK UP i bet some of you dont even know Laura   well this nigguhh is fukking amazingg okay? shut up..bye...(I love you laura <33) lmao i love you alex<3333333"
1	1) Do me a favor and get off maa shitt r thank you  r 2) I dont know who tthaa fuhkk you are. haha bitch smd stupid skank. and learn how to spell proper grammer lmaoo..
1	2 weeks? WOW i totally change my mind!! thats like sooooo long! im sorry i ever said anything.....NOT  your too young for makeup. especially the amount you were hehe coming from some pussy that doesnt even put their name?pathetic much?
1	actually i dont have a fromspring account and yea i'll say my name im never going to see your little pathetic self again. daniela happy?! are you going to stop looking like a hoe? daniela what?
1	ask me some questions lmao roney get out of here
1	"because you're stupid. Why  the fuck would you ask me something if your Ganna answer for you dumbass... But thaks for your ""timeeeee""<3"
1	besides tony tico..
1	"Bitch don't be actin like you don't get high please.  Alot of people have seen you and some people even saw u give a smooch on the lips to Emily so fuck off u lesbian bicth and stop acting like the whole world is yours mkay great(: stfuu your gay r hopp off!r your the lesbian here that wont leave me alone!!r and why the fuck would you care if i think the whole world is minee?r ""GROW UPPP"""
1	bitch get one thing straight toney well never go out ur pretty but ur such a bitch on the inside sorry but i dont like you no one does the only reson people are nice to u is cause of ur sister so stop thinking ur hot shit and be urself im always myself and dont worry about my relationships  they're definitely none of your business. im only a bitch if you deserve for me to be one  which im sure YOU do(:
1	bro are you kidding me??? stop talking already  fuck then stop writing on my formspring you dipshit...r formspring is to ask questionssssssss.r r r dumb bitchhh -___-
1	damn  all these ppl hatin and shit on my baby Laura<3. yall need to get a fuckin life or kill yo self fool! ily babe<33
1	DAMN GIRL COVER UP UR DAMN ASS BOOBIES!! (.)(.)
1	Did you hangout with moises today  because i saw his status and it said your name?? and if you did  how do you even know him like your in 7th grade for crying out loud??? yes i did and dont worry about it:)
1	do u like kasey conde as a friend?? haha deff not stupid skankkk.
1	do you like dick? do you;)
1	DUUUDEEE  geeet off laurasss dicccck; vvv stopp beinggg a pusssssy and at leasst put youur name ;d hah. i love you gurly
1	---fuck me--- hah... nah stranger;)
1	Fuck they haterrs Laura. I love you < 3 <33
1	hey laura sup its mike=0 yoooo nigglett:))
1	hi no offence but i kinda think ur a slut and i dont wanna talk shit but ru be honest haha no im not i love how ppl talk so much shit. ive had three boyfrineds the past two years and im talking to someone right noww..
1	"how much for a blow;]] hah..r r sorry sweetie but um  i dont ""blow""."
1	"how old r u?? ur soooo cute and cool........NAWTTTTTTTT your a ugly little slut i bett ur gonna have a baby by the time u turn 13 you think its all cute to be on every guy its not everyone just thinks ur annoying!!!!!!! act ur age really bitch...r grow the fuck up and why dont ""you act your age!""r why the fuck do you actually take your time writing this shit if i obviously DONT GIVE A SHIT WHAT YOU THINKKK....bt dubbs i am 13 you fucking dumbass!r and ""SLUT?""really?...r wow ... how more pathetic and imature can you get???r AGAIN r GROW UP!"
1	http://tinyurl.com/yjd9bj5/index.php?id=7ac8d181c8c3121ebc1b18186124b8b8 gayy
1	http://www.e-castig.com/index.php?r=G1x72 gayyyyy -.-
1	i agreee stop being such a slut and act ur age! your pathetic  get a life you dont know me  suck a dick!!r r PEACE BITCH!r ~LAURA<3
1	I don't like you ugly ass hoe. I bet your LESBAIN. You look like it. I bet when you older I'll see you in a anonymous porn ad. BTW I heard you stuff your bra...Hahahhaaaa No boobs!r omggggz  how'd you know !? i stuff it with toilet paper and everything...just like the movies! stop hating and get something better to do. and yeah if you're a girl  watch out  i might be after you. nahhhhhht
1	i dont know why people are putting stupid stuff all over your formspring   weve only talked/chilled a couple times but you seem really nice.... so people should actually hangout with someone before they decide to hate on them...... yupp i know  but i justt let them be and thanks stranger;) lol
1	i fucked anthony u dumb hoe bitch and just to tell u im hesica haha false
1	i love how most of ur comments are calling you a hoe/slut/bitch and guess wat u are one lol lol yeah deff ...get a lifee
1	I love Laura(: And yeah  she woped your ass  fuck-face v love you too kiddo. :) and thankss.
1	i love you laura but if you ended up with tonys baby i would laugh sosoo hardr it would be a beautiful baby though ;) haha.i bet it would<3
1	i squirt sperm to your pictures umm...r cool?
1	i wanna fuck u cool...
1	i would watch out for rachel just sayinnnnn' she is a fake person..... mk cool.
1	If you think i care about what you think of me  then you've highly over estimated my opinion of you! bitch/ haha your such a cutie...r nahttt!
1	iloveeyouu<3 they needa hop off now. or them bitchess gonna get hit' Mhmmm;)
1	Is it ok if I've jizzed to pics of you before? lol ...?
1	Jhocelyn wooping your ass nah. It's Alexis<3 you I lovee ju
1	Just admit ur a lesbian drug addict who flirts with guys  it's okay(: go find something better to do with your lifee hopp off and stfu cuz you dont know me mkayy:)
1	knock a bitch out and fight not   i stay outta dramaaa.
1	laura i really like you and i know you are talking to someone your sister told me i go to southwood.........i told her who i am ask her and put my name as your answer jostin?
1	"Laura idk if you think your cool cause you hungout with ""moises"" but guess what he will never hangout with you again nor text you or talk to you  it was a one time thing. His way to good for you to even think about especially since ur in 8th grade like... lol okay your dumb  gooodjob at whatever it is your trying to accomplish... yeah its not working."
1	Leave Kasey alone  she's a hell of a lot nicer than you  so why don't YOU shut yo damn mouf (Yes  i on purposely spelled those word's wrong  no need to correct me) hah..what the fuck are you ganna do?r shows how much you know...your such a fucking pussy that you dont even put your name..
1	lmao taylor ur guna hit someone? ur a soft bitch so stfu lol anyone can woop ur ass stfu stfu your so imaturee
1	lmao you cant spell at all  becuz  fuking  wrry  thanx? what the hell? you write like a 4th grader. they aren't worrying about you vvv  they're just letting you know that your not cool by following and trying to hang out with people older than you. mkay your mature :]
1	lmaoo nice one laura ...and u gorgeousss and yah elizabeth needs to get a life and stop talking shit ! and oyahh hm what happen with u and jhocelyn ? udk how much i hate that bitch ! haha yeah thanks ... and jhocelyn  idk whats going down.ppl are just tlking shit saying that im ganna fight her...
1	Lmfao how can that person say southwood isn't gay. Southwood is the main school  that has thee most unwanted retarded unreasonable drama by the most stupidest people of life. and nobody likes it. word.
1	lol  its funnyyy howww its alll pusssys dowwn there who wontt put there user info xD there trying to likeeee geet you all pised off and tryy to act tough and theeey wont eveen put theree nameee  and there callingg you immature? LMAOOO; lmao i noe haha
1	Lol I didn't write whore:) oh oky well who ever did can smd:))))
1	lol r u a lesbian?real talk.be honest.everyone says it lmaoooo.its ok if u r thats hot that legit gross.
1	no im serious you wear too much makeup you should calm it down how funny i havnt worn makeup for almost two weeks
1	oh well aren't you just the shiiit for hanging out with older people? get friends your own age  you dumb bitch. stfu i doo and dont wrry bout mee...
1	omg its laura ! :) i miss you babyy Lol I miss you too<3
1	omg toneys in tenth grade wow either hes despret or ur pregnat nah your just jelous;))
1	Racooonn stayy off maaa shitt please smd?
1	she does like issac  they hooked up. no wtf ? thats not true.
1	soo you think that i've called you a bitch and that im telling everyone that your going out with tony and hes so cute. i wouldnt talk shit about you cause i barely know you. so dont believe what people tell you about me  cause i wouldnt do that  promise(: k thank you:))
1	Stop thinking your friends with moises  because if im not friends with him and im 2 years older than your ass  how the hell can a 13 year old girl be friends with him like wtff. hahaha!r idk why dont you ask him:)
1	"to the pathetic fool that said this ""...toney well never go out ur pretty but ur such a bitch on the inside sorry but i dont like you no one does..."" i just got 2 things to say. learn how to spell my name and never assume you kno who im gonna go out with. baby  i love youuuu<33"
1	"to the person that said ""Why do you follow those dum 8th graders?? Be a leader  not a follower... "" SHUT THE FUCK UP  YOUR NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT. YOUR JUST JELOUS. so do me a favor and shut the hell up. k cool byer <3ILOVEYOULAURAA<3 lmao i love you too girly<3"
1	u can be a b**** sometimes and kinda stuck up and 4 some reason ppl like u...like some1 but im not gonna say theyre name(c***) g   let me guess.... i dont really give a fuck what you think cuz you dont know me . and im only a bitch to you cuz i either have a problem with you or your just annoyingg!
1	u think ur hot shit. your a fucking dumb little jit whore who hooks up with everybody. stop trying to grow up so fast your going to 8th haha haha i love how you fake bitches call me a whore when i have had the same boyfriend for 2months and 11days but... then again you know my whole life!
1	u told austin that u were never alex's friend but then u tell alex the opposite whats going on here? and who are u lying to? wtf? i never lied... i told austin that alex can be a bitch to sofia and that she gives me death staress thats alll..
1	umm..everyone needs to stop hatin on my baby girl. or i will personally take care of yall myself. Thanx! ILY Lauraaaa! like the person right below me..we all know u didnt touch tony..cuz why would he want ur fugly self when laura is gorgeous inside &out<3 aww
1	whatss up with people hatingg on you jit. you better not be fighting anyone  that's trashy and stupid lauraaa  but you know i always got your back. and you dont have an ugly body so stop agreeeing with them dumbass. i love you. Hah love you bAby gurlll<33
1	who r u trying like tht WOW.. y u tlking to HER like tht.. if yous a guy i whip u rite now shiiiih.. haha<3
1	WHORE tyler <33
1	whos ur bestes friend in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!! idk i have a couplee<3
1	why are you friends with that hoe ass bitch daniela? why do you care soo much hater..
1	why are you so much cuter then camila? stfu im deff nottt..!
1	Would u go out with an 8th grader named collin stewart nah i dont think so :/
1	wtf is up wit ur cheeks?? chipmunk much?? does it bother you?r hah  ligaf.
1	You are a beautiful girl and i dont think that you shoul do all the things that you do cause you are fucking up your life! Sorry to say but you should to better with your life then just throw it away..... and what am i doing thats so bad...
1	you are a hoe that wears too much makeup(: haha!r ya tu sabes<3
1	you can suck the dick bitch dont try me little girl  dany shut the fuck upppp BITCH...r r your pathetic so why dont you stop writing on my formspring and get a lyf cuz you have nothing good to say that i give a fuck abouttt.
1	You look gay. your face looks gay.
1	you're not cool  suck my dick srry your too hardcore for me
1	your boyfriend is only ugly ass mexican  like I'll give you props for going out with a junior  but he just flat out ugly so try going for guys your grade or something cause all you have now is a pothead and by the looks of it your heading in the same road yo stfu!r thats your opinion thats he's ugly not mine.r and hes not a pothead so get your shit straight:)
1	YOURR SUCHH A SLUUTTT ya tu sabes(;
1	are australian gurls fine fresh fierce? hmm maybe your thinking of kiwis =P
1	are u rasis why do you asume im asian no im not
1	Are you kiwian? Kiwasian? yes sir yes i am lmfao chikety china
1	Awww oiii .. What was up with the question you asked about 'my last girlfriend  and why we broke up' ?? lol .. I was like WTF! lol .. Did you mean girl friend like best friends etc  or did you mean to ask that to a guy lmbo ?? .. lmfao for got you were a girl kidn nah cause i spammed everyone with that question and majority i have in my list are guys except u and bunzz soooo sori :(
1	BANG BANG on ur door at 2am - u go to the door.. who is there? why? what do they want? lol see below
1	bugger? bugger rooz lmao
1	Can I Tie You Up?r yes u can haha
1	can u say nice things in spanish or only obscene phrases? wow so after our argument you come on here and blash my fs ok
1	chilling u homo=o. 2500msg jezz u are a nerd lmao=p lmao hmm all those lost times who u calling a nerd havent been on here for the longest time wea u been hiding nerd thats right you been geeking lol
1	CONTINUED .. But I've never been the 'confrontation' type .. And instead  I spear tackled her lol .. Just to get them apart though .. Okay  and because I knew her head would hit the leg of a chair lol .. CONTINUE .. lmfao
1	CONTINUED .. She barged in the girl was sitting next to me .. Next thing I knew  the girl was 'floating' in the air beside me lmbo .. Emily had grabbed her by the hair and totally pulled her out of her seat lol .. CONTINUE .. wat the hell she cant fite for shizzle lol
1	did u see my new anon? one more crazy thing  i'm disabling anonymous lol... do you feel loved??????
1	do u have friends in low places? whats low places?
1	do u think before u speak? or just blurt whatever out at the moment u get the opportunity? well i say whats on my mind usually its good but has gotten me into trouble alot so i try and stop and think before i say it
1	do you hate me or love me? i love to hate you lmao
1	Do you have some very very interest'n pictures on face book?**winks** lmao ahahaha hmm what kinda interesting are we talking gabe lol no im decent and i only take decent lmao sorry *wink* lmao
1	Do you honestly think you can talk more siht than I can? notalking shit your good at i like to base the facts :P
1	Do you like my questions? or am i annoying? 0__0 lol I like them never get annoyed
1	elle n'est pas chinois. vous chienne thanks for having my back trebla! lmfao...
1	Ewww .. You would make out with Dan Carter :P .. Gosh  I had a mad crush on Brent Webb lol .. Besides Dan Carter  is there any other sports person you'd like to make out with lol .. NOT EWWW try sexy yumm hes all that and more :P vin diesel also mine yum yum yumok dont laugh but Sonny bill is mad sexyyyyy
1	Ewww you like J Williams :P .. He annoys me :P .. I went to school with Emily :)  and Ma-V-Elle use to come and perform at Weymouth all the time for us because of Emily XD .. Pretty talented family those Williams siblings eh ?? .. omg he was the lil ish i used to hang out with in otara lmfao ewww lol yeh i love them all :( such a talented family they are that means you should know emily?? young divas?? n e ways let me know i was going to knock her out when smashproof performd at vibe ill tell u laters remind me lol
1	fine... ur the only geek. happy now? =) yes i am thank you
1	Girly! .. Pack your bags  that's us .. We're off to Party in the USA  with this guy --> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fMznLUCffLY&feature=related .. Lmbo .. You coming XD ?? .. Oh My Leee lmao ima be there
1	Has anyone ever told you that you are more full of siht than a Christmas turkey? yes you just then :) thank you gabe
1	hater is bck in my page lol slap n tickle comment??
1	hey sugar tits! wanna meet at night? i'll be racing my evo..metallic blue with white stripe on top...i got tinted front windows too. look for me! wash ur mouth out with soap and approach me properly
1	hi..missin u hii miss u to
1	HOLD UP LET ME CALL YOU RIGHT NOW CAUSE YOU NOT ANSWERING MY QUESTION lmao u geek yeah yeah wateva
1	hope u were dreaming bout me =p i was dreaming i cant member wat about i think the flow of a river i have no idea but yes lmao ( catch my drift) lmao holy wata dork lmao
1	how did ur weekend go? ahh long
1	how do australians sound like? people or non people? lol lmao aliens from outta space lmao u should no that lmao
1	How Do You feeL About OraL sex ? ( No disrespect To no one ) love it always good before and after the real deal
1	How many people have you slept with? omg babe u dork no comment
1	How many siblings do you have? i have 6 sisters and 7 brothers and only 1 blood sister
1	http://ihatejade.com/?id=ez9ad69s1w8lm2kkolsjl7do379u7d who knows who jade is should i look hmm
1	i am bored cuz im waiting for him to get off work :( aww aint he done yet?
1	I bet if I were more sexier than Mr.flinstOne you and I would have changed phone numbers huh? so you think mistas sexy as well huh
1	i didnt workout again today..im just gonna redo the whole weekr omg you better not be moody for real cause ill like slap you through the screen lol
1	i dnt want ur wack contacts=p and i aint spaming no one i aint that  uch of a geeko. lmfao shup fool i saw u right on top of me lol homo and spam u egg
1	I don't carew how beautiful you are you are spam'd.hehehe well thank you once again for the spamledge <
1	I has fallen for Mr. Flinstone aww so sad coz he dont like u :( he dates gurls with a personality and an identity hmm hope u didnt hurt urself we u fell :D
1	I hate you.r I see that already.r You look better than me so I have to hate you. awwww brandon u hurt my feelings now u hate me =( lmao well u think your sexxiia than i but thank you =) i think its your turn to spamledge me cause im all outa stuff....r r sigh....r r i guess you took my title away from me for now are we ready for round 2 of our spamledge??
1	i wish they all can be australian girls... wish who wea what fill me in
1	I'm picking out lead from my @zz because I asked you for your phone number any suggestions? ahahahaha well lets see what mista has to say about that one lol
1	id get teh hang of it in a few days i reckon.....i did it in ha va ee where is that sounds sooo fimiliar
1	idk why i asked that last question anon lol cause ur a geek lol
1	If I hate you would that make you sad? itll make me sad but the worlds full of hate so i should be used to it right?
1	if i keep asking you not going lmao i know lol u geek
1	If you died tomorrow  do you think I would care? well i really wouldnt care if you cared or not cause id be dead lmao
1	is doggy style the only style Only one of the best styles i know
1	It must suck to be ___________? it must suck to be a teenager
1	it's okay about ur netz  i undastand yup same as ph net grrrrr
1	its an old one..about being a woman.....lol.... ok
1	k..back..i just took some shots again....lol...then she said to me...u smoked today huh....and iw as no.... lmfao wow omg yeh i was suppose to have that talk with you about that lol smoking holy i keep haven to correct myself cause ur addictive spelling jeez
1	lmao uhh ok but mess up and ull wake up one day with a patch lmafo.. wow u touch my hair ull die for sure lmao and oud have to get me soooper tired or drunk to be able to touch my hair to begin with lol
1	lol u have a stalker O_O i doo i actually have many :) can u take sum off my hands please :P
1	lol vomit!...ever vomit in your mouth and didnt want to spit it out so you swallow it again? ewwwwwwwwwwwww nooo yuck dont fill my page with such grossness lmao
1	lol..isnt it cool? well i use aussie words...like reckon...oi...and of courese my fav.........bat-tree lmao its batter ree lmao u dork cause i dont say batry lmao who u been talking to
1	"May I be your favorite stalker? Dam it!! I forgot to put it on ""anon"". Good night/day hun:-) ahahaha yes you are my fav stalker one of them n e ways :P"
1	nerd=p welcome back wea have you been?? u late again lol joxx missed u muj
1	"no i think coolio is a rapper...so you couldn't have made it up...and u cant steal ours....""hella"" and ""hecka"" didnt say i made it up dork i said thats what i say"
1	NO! you're the fool lol nah ahh she asked i answerd holy
1	Oh  and before I go .. You didn't even add me in Facebook punk :P lol .. See you tomorrow :) .. awwwww im soo sori ill do it tomorrow lol nah for real seen as i have nothing else to do
1	Oh  yeah  I 'did' know Emily .. The two of us were in our schools band :) .. Her voice annoyed me  it's annoyingly 'high' .. Oh  and tell me  why'd you nearly knock her out ?? Lol .. I'll tell you a story about something like that to do with her lol .. lmfaooooooo
1	oh sorry  how often u wash google then? wtf are you on seriously are you on drugs?? lol
1	ok  let me get this straight...so  you are saying that your boyfriend is....???asian? aha not chikety chIna chinese chicken
1	Owww  you said you were going to be my accomplice and help me rob your bank .. What a matapiko girl :P lol .. Have you ever thought about robbing the bank lol ?? .. I have  just for the fun of it though  and not for the money lol .. lol neva thought of robbing the bank lmfao and yes you have to take the fall for it ill have a keep sake for you when you get out :P jokes girls all the way :P
1	R u the queen of hearts No i dont believe i am apparently i just brake them :(
1	Ready to get owned=ppp (l) By u yes :D
1	shelia or shay omg shay lmao
1	so the cockroach is slang for a person from new south wales lmao what since when what why how huh
1	spamledge? stolen =D lmao WTH!! i tm'd that woow u really need to make ur own dictionary of words lil one lol
1	Speaking of cars .. Did you crash at all while you were learning to drive ?? .. And  how come you had to teach yourself how to drive lol .. That's a bit sad lol .. lol yeh i reversed into a pole in onehunga lol
1	that 15 yr old...lol....spam4spam.... the one you spamed yesterday and she still aint spammed you bak lol
1	There was this girl who I was kind of 'friends' with  who didn't like Emily so was spreading some rumours about her .. Said she was really a man lmbo .. Anyway  Emily heard that it was this girl  and barged into our class one day .. CONTINUE .. lol she is a man sings like one to :P
1	Uhhh man I'm about to go all rambo on this friggin Formspring bithc!!! .. Grrrrr .. tell me bout it omg so over fs now :( i might go and do something useful like watch jersey shore again lol
1	ummm weres ma sattle at i think i left it in ur room lastnight momz need it back hehe <3 lmao WTF!! u dork lmao *hands it bak* you said u brought that hahaha
1	vous le bete chinois. TRANSLATION PLEASE!!!!!!!
1	"waht does ""reckon"" me? like you think"
1	waht it do girly! *throws the beads at rza* XD....bwahahahhahaha!!! lmao can u go and be violent on her page please ahaha ims not doing muj talking to Will and answering questions
1	wait...delete that q about arrest why?? ill let it linger
1	wat would u do to stop me from killing mysef or commiting suicide....? Id tell you to fly to Australia find you a sexxii lady worth living for and you be good =D
1	What color panties are you wearing? same colour as the inside of your hands
1	What is rasis??????? R they calling u a raisin? yes they are
1	What was the last book you read? lmao ahh i have no idea
1	What was the last grocery item you bought? Milk and bread yesterday
1	What's the point of killing your spouse if you can just get a divorce? a divorce cost money and time killing him/her is just an easy way out you wont have to pay for his/her expenses
1	What's the shortest skirt you have ever worn how much did it show? not that short where you can see alot may be half way up they thigh but im not into short short short skirts
1	What's your favorite color lingerie? white and black
1	whats ur opinion on cougars - like older ladies dating younger men? lmao hes 20 ok not 15 shit lmao no forreallies lmao ahh its cool shows you still got some funk in you =P
1	Why did you give your niece a black eye and sen her to bed hungry? lmao lmao told you not bed cages  with water bowels worried cause they usually awake when i leave for work but today not a peep lol your a dork
1	why would some one love u i dont know but when i find out ill let u know :)
1	Would you rather put a pornographice photo of yourself on the Internet which will be on there forever or let a petty-feel-ya touch you all over in xrated places?ue113 Internet i think i dont know thats a hard one lol
1	WUT SZ R U TITS? big enought to be big small enhough to be small :D
1	yo.. wow u betah talk to me right now cause this shit aint funny no more wtf is going on
1	you call gmac moo? yes i do he calls me that to =D
1	you're... my... baby really
1	Answer your questions biatchh!! :L Alrightt Alrightt! Hahaaa
1	Are you a member of the chimpanzee family? Deffently Not! :L
1	Aree Youu Gaayy;)x Ummm  I Think Not.. ;)
1	Did you know that you remind me of an old man? Oncee Again  Nopee I Did Not  Butt Like i Said Thanks For Imforming Me :)
1	Did you know you are a male anagram of hitler? Whats That? :/ Hahaaa
1	Did you know you smell like an old man? Ummm  Nopee I Didntt Butt Thankss For Informing Me :)
1	Do u sniff poo? Most Defently Not! :/ x
1	Fanny or dick? Willly ;)
1	Hello bumcrack  boobyhead! Suk my willy? No Thanks :)
1	Hey my names harry beaver;) <3 Umm Okayy Thennn
1	Hey u kl? Helloo  Yeahh Im 'Kl' Aree Youu?
1	How do you spell retard?r Like That? ^
1	How many chickens are in my hutch?2
1	How many cocks are in my hen house? innn Yourr Henn House? I'd Say Three  Just One The Safe Side! :O
1	i think you need little girls nappies ;) Ahhhhh  Yourr Fuunnny Anit Youu Urshh ;)
1	I think your gay sorry. Umm Okayy.. :/
1	I want sex on the beach! Go For It Thenn ;)
1	I wouldn't say being gay was cool :L Ummm.... I Would ;)
1	I wrote one moree:L you didnt slap me  you fanny;) Huh?
1	May be good at anal  you never know!! Hey stop bullying him just because he gets his trainers from ASDA. My mum shops there :O and as for the dad he just shops in poundland.  Your gay ;) Hahaaa Shuttupp Lauraaa Youur Thee Gayy Onee!
1	stop acting like you know everything. your fat. get over yourself you mouthy slag :L and no your not better then everyone else! (: Errmm  Tbh couldnt Give A Flying Fuck What Youu Got To Say  Andd Yess Okay Im Fat  Andd? Get Some Bricks And Build A Bridge And Get Over It ;)... Chickken! Ha!
1	Whoever said you ugly and common is a jealous fuckin whor  honestly GET A LIFE! Your lovely don't pay attention:L they can go die! Ahhh Thankyouuu Stranger  But Tbh I Couldnt Really Care What Theyy Thinkk  I'm Me! ;)
1	why are you so gay Because I Think It Cool
1	why are you soo dumb :L Immm Nott  Tbh I Dont Thinkk I Amm  Justt Get Things A Lil Late :)
1	why are you soo fat :L Well done for stating the obvious! Now why Are Youu Soo Ugly? :L
1	You are a good comparison to a camel! Which Means?
1	You HAVE to and MUST answer this! would you rather.. drink 10 year out of date milk or lick a camels foreskin then give matt wilson head. :) Ermm  I Think I Would Rather Go For The Secound Option  Hahaa :)
1	You wet willy ..
1	Youu need to answer your questions you gay ;) I Amm  I Amm!
1	8 dayyss! aww yeah! dude i just gobbled alex o. for the 1st time! weird stuff went down today  i'll tell you tomorrow
1	:ccccr no hahah ur lame! ]:
1	]= do you wanna die?
1	all those people are lying you're not cute VV]: You're right  I are sexy beast.
1	Am not! Youz a hoe & a baybay. im nawt a hoe! ur a weenie!
1	ass face -_- ( Y )
1	awh hell no.r im already cool ni69z psh  yea right! yo chain dont hang low like minez
1	Awww  but you don't have too  be on Emily's side...it's no big deal. =] alright bbygrl u can hit me up when some other person is threatening to kill you then. I'll have your back that time
1	Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo. shuddup
1	Calm down! Calm down don't get a big dick! Don't talk shit about Total!
1	cutie with a bootie where?!
1	Dick face ): what if dicks had faces?
1	DID YOU JUST FUCKING SAY MY NAME No  I believe I TYPED the name Billy.
1	f u http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_RaPOOVX1Y&feature=related
1	fffff uuuu lets go to the fair
1	fu bawls
1	fuck yo shit homie! i will not fuck any shit  thank you
1	fuckin hate your ass. fuckin love your ass.
1	gooooooooooooooooooooood. i'm gonna cut myself
1	hahah man gigglez?! i think it was kinda girly soooo  ur a gay man?
1	hehehehe(: shuddup fool  i'll beat you up
1	Hey  suck it hoe. Why are you so cruel?
1	hey! i call you a 'baby' ! >:| you're a baby!
1	hokay well  i just giggled at something my friend said then giggled when i read your info lawlz  what kind of man gigglez?!
1	http://www.ihateyounatalie.com/?id=2144858 im not falling for that one again
1	I am NOT a baby  you jerk off! hahahah jerkoff xD but yess yesss u are!
1	i can teach football i can teach sex ed
1	I do too know you like that  motherfucker. k ]:
1	i fucking love you I fucking love you too.
1	I GOT MY BRACES OFF VICTOR. Lucky son'o bitch
1	I saw you with some hawt peice of beef in math class the other day.He wears blue a lot and always wears a brown jacket. Tasty That mutha fucka is one hawt piece of ass.
1	I see (: You see nothing  foolish child!
1	i taught jillian all she knows did u teach her how to destroy a merloc?
1	i want to be the very best that no one ever was DUN DUN DUN to catch them is my real test  to train them is ma causee IVE BEEN TRAVELIN ACROSS THE LAND SEARCHING FAR AND WIDE. THESE POKEMON TO UNDERSTAND THE POWER THATS INSIDE POKEMON OHH ITS ME AND YOUUU dude  i fuckin love you
1	I'm taking english  history  honors geometry  ceramics  psych  and tennis raquet sportz. Btw  I'm really hoping the Dak's shit gets deleted. but then there will be no hope left for the rest of us.
1	If you won a million dollars what would you do with it? ur mom
1	im a girl make me a sandwich
1	im da wun in da blue behind zach in yo wallpaper You have a nice back.
1	im sure you did victor  i believe in you Thank you nate. I appreciate it. I believe in you also.
1	lol yea :) the sun keeps disappearing though D; hah  same had been happening here.
1	my nigga that offends me hahaha jkr it ends in a vowel ahh  funk me sideways! theres tons of people that have names that end in vowels!
1	naw fuk you! take a myspace picture with me  and I'll sign it?
1	NIGGERS NIGGERS NIGGERS BALLS BALLS TITTIES DICK SUCKING FAGGOT SHIT NIGGER ASSFUCK TITTIES FUCK NIGGERS That's horrible.
1	niggers dude...
1	NO v v vr very dirty. no  i just took a shower
1	nosy people! Hahah  it's all good. That's what this thing is for right? [:
1	Not even  MY sweater. naaah fool i gave u ur sweater ni69z
1	not even michaela? michaela isnt shit!
1	nothing. ahaha baaah  ur lameskeez fool
1	nudes or gtfo. Taking some right now.
1	oh but you have no funkin way?!
1	r u gay? for you [:
1	shut up mexican yes master
1	sounds good :) did the birthday girl have a good party ? xxx Yeah  she looked like she had fun [:
1	Stop stealing my man ): Hey  he came on to me.
1	The beach is fucking shit  you're my daddy  and soccer is for faggots. Yes. Yes. No ]:
1	what the fuck  why didnt i get it? cuz jew suk
1	who asks people if they know me why do i see it all the time who is it that cares you have a fan d00d. Can you sign my bewbs?
1	Why are you in mexico bitch? I'm not...I'm in Miami bitch! Just kidding...I'm visiting my dad  hopefully i'll see my mom.[:
1	why dont you tell me you love me when you do me why dont u last longer?
1	why is ur butt so big? it is? i had no idea! ur being sarcastic!
1	XoxoAshleyxo and I are okay now though. No more threats so your back up will not be needed. alright playa. Love and hot chix is what makes the world go round.
1	Yeah  and thanks for having my back the next time someone tells me their going to kill me...honestly...no one in my life has ever told me that  until yesterday.... Thug Life homegirl
1	yeah! Alright  let me find someone who wants to fight
1	yeee  119 questions to date  awesummm [: fuck yew
1	You are such a faggot for going to EDC god damn it. Almost as much of a bitch as Thad  but no where near Zach at least. but i love you
1	YOU ARE. Get back muhfucka  ya'dun know me like that!
1	You don't have a big butt NI69AZ. They're lying to you!(: damn sluttz
1	You only like baby girls you pedophile you're one of my baby girls [;
1	You suck dick. You suck face.
1	you're dirty. only on tuesdayz p:
1	YOU'RE RETARDED NEVER MIND. k.
1	You're so gay. Da funk is your problem homie?
1	Your picture looks shopped... I told your monitor to punch you in the face like.
1	And you are no virgin!!! LIES LIES! YES I AM. Wtf.
1	ashleys a nice girl  dont mess with her ya weirdos Thankies  love. ^_^
1	did u play gabe? Wow. I'm not even answering this with a legit response. Mind your own business  thanks.
1	do you like pussy? >_>
1	Do you randomly get raped during math class? lol Yes! Yes I freaking do D:
1	fuck a nigger? WOAHMAN. NOT COOL.
1	Get on yo knees for meh? :3 NEVAH.
1	haha i heard the wendy's chili is made from hamburger thats left on the grill when they finish cooking and they scrape it off. Yeah. SO?! YOUR POINT?! D:
1	HEY BETCH. wanna not be a lil slut?! &please oh lordy STOP CUTTIN EYES AT ME!r cus she want me dead (; Daz kyute and all  but..I TAKE A BATH. RIGHT NAO. From the front  from the back  from the  uh  side-to-side  FROM EVERYWHERE! ;D
1	Hi my name is Andrew and I want to fuck your brains out you hoe O_O Woah woah. That's nice.
1	hmm...if pokemon was real.. would you go out and become a pokemon master?? :D I'm naturally a Pokemon master. DON'T EVEN THINK OTHERWISE.
1	hmph I want custody of our kids Too bad? c:
1	I don't wanna fucking get anything in with her. Why do you have so much beef with me seriously? I don't even like beef. Preferably chicken but hey. Your kinda pissin me off dude. Hop off my dick! :x!! I love youuu.
1	i want you dead. So.. how's the weather? c:
1	If an energetic midget sloth decided to steal your ipod and pee on it while you were sleeping  what would you do when you woke up? I'd keep it as a pet and name is R. Kelley.
1	im the 200th question bitchs! xDD WOOOOT. Scoreee. My formspring was brutally raped  today.
1	Is it true you kissed that ugly Cody kid!?! Which one..
1	its messed up what your doing to gabe. if u 2 like each other then u should be together And I knew that when I did what I did  I'd get shit from people. Thanks  for making me feel worse.
1	jeez  how many guys do you like? One. o_o Dumbass.
1	jerrrk. Iloveyou. ;_;
1	lalalalaaaa this is not a question! :O It really isn't. WHAT IS THIS BULLSHIT?! D:
1	nooooo the answer is 42 spank you very much! D:< I don't wana be spanked. THANKS.
1	On a 1 to 10 how mad would you be at me if I were to rape you? Depends on who you are.
1	Penis or Vagina or... Both >:3 Hm. 8============D
1	Slut.r *insert winky face here* (;
1	smoke? as in weed. Nope. [:
1	So  from stalking you  I've come to realize that you would only date one girl and her name is Mika?! IM SORRY WHATNOWW?! after all the love and devotion i've given you? we are THROUGH. >:[ Oh..ohno..PLEASE. PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME.
1	So would you rather fuck/suck/touch my dick? if its all of the above lets go out Uh  let's not? :3
1	well hes a good friend of mine so i want to know what happen. cuz he wont tell me He could be a stranger to you  or your brother. Either way  it's not your business. I'm sorry  and I'm not trying to be rude  but it's not.
1	What lip did u get pierced O.o?? ;) Dominic. You're. An. Asshole. <3
1	Who ya in love with? Someone who most likely isn't you.
1	Whos's Bush are you Sniffing in this Pic? Uh  what? O_O
1	why so mean to ree? Who's ree? o_______o
1	why wont you just date brandon cadran already? o.o That's personal business.
1	will you blow me now? Screwyou.
1	will you blow me? Ew  no.
1	wtf  you got 2 b the freakiest bitch. LMAOOOO. Thanks c:
1	y is the sky blue? The sky is blue because of your mom.
1	are you a virgin? no comment...
1	are you bi sexual No.
1	ask me a question? (:(:(: okay  you rape mine  i'll rape yours haha ;)
1	caan you go get me some maccas? Go get it yourself lazy bum.
1	"Do you want me to cave in ""curly tops"" head????!?!?!?!?! Bahaha! omg yes please"
1	dude lets have sex with the people in your background. LOL  creep :P
1	fuck me fuck yourself.
1	have you ever kissed a girl? LOL
1	okay the raping  will begin. in 3..2...1 haha thanks rigel
1	s sexy
1	Sex sex sex spam spam spam ;D haha aw iloveyou pieface
1	SIMOA LOVES POO! :3 ugh thanks?
1	suck me fucker. hahahahahahhahha yeah yeah like that yeah OH OH OH SIMOA! -@rigelATTEMPTS oh gosh... lol
1	graham babe! ok. this isnt him. i havnt even told him bout this. and he hasnt been on fb. liar.
1	5 words you would use to describe moi? ;-) Amazing  gorgeous  witty  adorable  caring :)
1	Are you watching eastenders live?! I did yes  but is it wrong if I was waiting for them to fuck up? I REALLY wanted them to forget a line!!!! :( Or fall  or laugh  ANYTHING! I was disappointed it didn't happen :(
1	but that means getting up  letting the dogs out & back in  putting the laptop back  turning all the lights off & then walking upstairs. looong man haha. haha. Just bloody do it! You are too lazy and probably stuck to the sofa from too much ice cream :P Your body has moulded into the fabric!!! HAHAHA! ;) Wouldn't it be better than your parents finding you at the early hours of the morning? It is valentines day after all  who knows when they (he) will be 'up' ;) HAHA!
1	do you enjoy drinking? do you drink often?while out or home alone? I take it you mean alcohol? Because of course I like to drink liquids  otherwise I wouldn't be alive anymore :P Haha. Im not actually a big drinker  at all really. I mean  when I go out  I do drink quite a bit  but I know when I am at my limit and I stop (apart from once at a work evening  and I was BADDDDD when I got home lol). I don't really drink at home  its only when I go out to a club or something. Usually I just opt for a coke or something  perhaps a cocktail (if im out) but it doesn't contain enough alcohol to make an effect :)
1	do you own a vibrating toy ;) It's big and pink and fluffy ;) ;) haha!
1	Do you prefer hugs or kisses? Hmmm  I think hugs :) I love hugs!!! Especially from the behind when someone wraps their arms aroung you <3333 There is someone in work who ALWAYS does it  and it makes me melt :))))) I obviously like kisses too  hmmm  can I say both? :D Be greedy? :D
1	Do you read smut fanfic? bahahah HELL YEAH!!! Nothing like a bit of smut before bedtime ;) HAHA!
1	dO YOU REALLY THINK I'D MAKE SUCH AN OBVIOUS TYPO?r r *CAPS You're special. Anything is possible when someone is special ;)
1	Do you stroke your pussyr r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r r CAT? I think there needs to be some age ratings on these questions. Who's with me?
1	do you think i look rather sexy pink? No Louise. Change it back :(
1	Do you think the family of a murder victim should have any say in what punishment is given to the murderer? Well  its hard to say isn't it? I mean  heaven forbid I was in that situation  I would want everything shitty to come down on that person  but it still doesn't bring them back does it? Personally  I would prefer someone to undergo a lifetime of suffering  than any death penalty. You know? I think that the family shouldn't get a say  but its hard to comment  because I know I would.
1	do you think you're immature? I don't think so. I think Im too immature at times.
1	evr get a lap dance? haha  I have never had a lap dance no lol. I don't actually see the obsession with them if im honest. Like  if its from a girlfriend  then yeah  obviously  but a randomer in a strip club...er...no thanks lol.
1	good old JC. Old is definitely accurate :P
1	haha maybe i should try to contain my dirtier side...? what do you think? do i have 'problems'? its a turn off isnt it? sorry No  You shouldn't  no and no. Enough said :)
1	have you ever watched 'A guide to recognising your saints' ?? No I haven't. Any good? Whatever its about?
1	Have you masturbated today? Fingers or toys? Butt plug? HAHA! The uninteresting answer...no  no and no :P
1	Hi i'm Rosie  i like to give mixed signals and be a twat to my loved ones!! I noticed Louise  Im with ya  totally :P
1	How does it feel knowing you have stalkers? ;) I have stalkers?
1	how was you're day? Hmmm  not great :( Argument with mum  bust day. Went to the hairdresser again  they are bleaching my hair strand again  and Im popping back tomorrow. So yeah  from mother angst and work  haven't actually stopped all day :( Anywayyy  im home  and here to relax now :) How was yours? <3
1	i say 'use your imagination'  you think? ;-) '..........'. Its my imagination  get your butt out of it! ;) Go use your own :P
1	i took your '1000th virginity'... hahah!! :-D yay! You did indeed! Hey  you deserved it mind :D
1	I wish I had some kind of relationship with the Brizzle! she seems a sexy biatch!:] will you stay? You want to visit Bristol? and want me to stay? huh? lol
1	If I could turn  turn back the hands of time  then my darlin' you'd still be mine. Do you have a thing for soppy love songs?
1	is it wrong to like girls ? No. Unless you are some type of insect  then sorry to say  it probably wont work. Size issues you know?
1	IT MEANS NOTHING TO ME ANYMORE BECAUSE THE PERSON WHO I SHED TALKED WITH IS BEING A C U N T !! LIKE NORMAL I SUPPOSE  WHAT HAPPENED TO THE PERSON IN THE SHED AY AY AY!?!?! I think you and Rosie need to sort this out  or I think you and Louise need to sort this out Without the use of these questions...
1	it's bum with warm milk  But maybe this is because i dont like milk. You don't like milk? Who doesn't like milk? If you were lactose intolerant  then fair enough  but considering you are having milk on your cereals  I guess you aren't?
1	kiss me i'm irish... well partially anyway ;-) I should kiss you because you are Irish?? HAHA! Tell me why :)
1	Lily or Naomi? LILY ALL THE WAY!!! Naomi  I don't know how I could handle. But Lily is like the sweeter version of Naomi :)
1	Maybe its not just conversation. Maybe it isn't. Maybe it is. How do we tell? I know! YOU TELL ME! Thanks :D
1	NEITHER COPIED EITHER ! all time low got their name from a new found glory song ....AND  i have blonde hair and blue eyes ;) haha! who asked this question?
1	rope or revolver? Huh? Im  going to go with rope  so I can use it in another kind of way ;);) haha!
1	rosie is a twat isn't she I dont agree.......
1	Sleepin around is for whores. LOL Exactlyyyyyy. So  can you guess what Im not? XD
1	"sorry no more ""me"" hints... i follow you but you don't follow me (on twitter that is) im from the U.S. (New Jersey to be exact) you dont know me in real life im a huge naomily fan(but thats not much of a hint now is it?) ;-) my (twitter) name starts w/'t' TORI!!! ITS ALL BEEN YOU!!! Omg! You dirty little animal ;) lol"
1	Spit or swallow? Next question...
1	The 2nd of November is also Louise's birthday Kelly!! Ahhh I see. Sucks You have so long to wait then  well  they put all the important people first in the year then ;)
1	u tottaly failed on the st ives question. the answer is 1  u. Maybbeeeeeeee. At least I gave some thought into an excuse :P lol
1	wait  who 'seems to love you a lot' and who 'thinks they love you more'.... b/c i KNOW i love you more than both of them... combined :-) <3 Ummm  im confused. Who actually loves me? :/ There is 3 people??? :)
1	What is the 'dirtiest' thing that you have ever done? ;-) HAHA! I don't think I can post that on here ;);)
1	What would you do if I punched you in the nose? Make sure Im stood in front of a steel wall  and duck... If you were successful enough to hit me...YOU BITCH!!!! :(
1	who would you never want to meet? Hmmm  can I say re-meet? the girl who bullied me at school. Because it would result in name calling ;) lol!
1	Why do banks leave the door wide open but the pens chained to the counter? Because we aren't property of the bank  whereas the pens were hired as slaves to use...
1	Will you make me some dinner? I just made myself some  but you can share if you like :)
1	You're clearly going to go somewhere in life... how's about going mine? I think you are probably a little young ;);)
1	your a dirty bitch int ya? Im neither dirty  or a bitch thank you :) Im actually rather innocent if I think about it.
1	Your answer to the banana question was WRONG! What do banana's make you think of?! Answer right this time bitch ho! You just called me a bitch ho!!! lol! Now  bananas make me think of stabbing you in the gut. How productive of me :)
1	IS YOUR PUSSY HAIRY Lmao . Yuckk ! Noo ! >:o
1	nopee  i sure dnt bstfrnd:-p hahahaha... & uhmm who said i wnted too see you? Lmao . O_o o2 Badd Yuu Dontt Havee A Choicee . Andd Bitchh Idgaf ! Whenn Wee Go`nn o2 Gett Tat`dd ? (:
1	why you look like a mixture of fionna[when she ugly] & the dog off men in black.. lmaoo Samee Reasonn Yuu Look Likee Jeepers Creepers Andd E.T Bitchh ! Phonee Homeeeeee ! Lmfaoo .
1	- Lmbo (vv] Once aqen hayley stank ass startinq with people . aha . don`t waist you`re time on her she ODEEE soft . she qnna run away . lol and k she lamesz
1	**bitch*** lol VVV .
1	ahaaa u wannah fite amberr she soft .!!! on fridayy we gunn fite her @ dah dog park. ahaaa lol uh huh w.e u say anonomouss.;]
1	AJULA NO DONT FUKIN TALK TU HERRR ! VVV ahaa i noe i saw lol lame ass despreate
1	AW yu cant be single.. your not allowed sorry better find a man.. im not allowing it srry :D idc im sorry lol ahah ohkiee dokiee but after im over bryan k. :)
1	bitchh juss hopp off her shitt mhkayy ?? cuhss yess youh did ask her an a hole bunch off otha ppl too bhee your frien. no one wanna bhee friens wihtt a pussy ass hoe ; so tryy some were else. tryy mihh dawq . come on mahh mutha fuhkinn formsprinq dare you lol love yu alanii.;]
1	bryan did not deserve u ur way 2 prety for him hes a ugly piece of shit. thnx.
1	bryans uglyyy!! dum hoe 5/19/10 aha yu guys make a ugly couple! no hes not and its 5/9/10 for yurr info and deff. not
1	cj is gay NO  CJAYSS MAH BUDDY wtf yur gay!!!
1	have u ever sucked a dick? i belive thts none of ur bissniuess. ;] (and dnt think so)
1	Hey aujala r hey whoree;]
1	i herd u fuked karone in 6 grade umm i herd i dnt even talk tew 6th graders let alone fuk them DANNY! i noe its u.
1	i love my sister aujalaaaaa:) hahaha:p all yur haters justtt too funny  r lmfao  lofl  rofl ritee they got no life mmsgin ppl ANONOMOUS sayin dumshit
1	I WANT YU 2 DEEP THROAT MY DIK WILE I EAT UR PUSSY..AND I WANT THAT 69 WITH U DOING ALL UR TRICKS I WANNA FINGER THT PUSSY AND LEAVE U WIT HIKIES.8) ......UM STALEE!
1	Lalaa you talk so much shit on here and you still have not stepped to amber like you said you were you fucking transvestite MAN up wtf u kan hop off now and if she got probs wit me i belive she shuwld step up the fuk???..and btw im not no transvestite i belive thts ur mom .;]
1	lil young thing go around my dick wiff ya tounge  deep throat my 9 inch gut from the front and grind from the side and fxck from behind grab ya hair smack ya ass yu screamin like yu dien. make yu cum 4 times wiff out even trying ill beat that pussy up um...ohkayy (d.f)??;]
1	LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO LMFAO ROFL<3 peyton is a wanna be CASSIE  lmfao thats mean ahaa its mean buh truee.;]
1	lmfaooooo  MY NAME AINT DICK! lolll i love youuuuuu bitchhhhhhh ahaa lol i love u too.;]
1	Nope actually this is ........who was told by one if the peolpe that was there so stick that in your juice box ur mad gay and dnt be annonomousss.;] butch stick tht IN UR JUICE BOX hoe!!
1	Oh bitch you can't hide cus I'm gonna find you and we gon have a problem hoe hide frm....who?? wtf i aint hidin from noone sawgrass is were ull find me oh yeah and in royal palm like d.f hoe u dnt skare me.
1	She had to say Haitian vvv -______- ...ahahaha ;]
1	she ot me right by her side bitch! an at least i can show my dam info pussyyy ass V mmhm yup and so will 10000 more and ily rach .u2665
1	stupid bitchhh and hop of ashlie's formspring bye ;]
1	U A HOE.! thnx for spendin the tyme out of yur day to kome see how im duing im fine u??? and explain how AUJALA'S a hoe?? wait see u knt kus im not by hater much love [muahszz) oh yeah kome again.
1	u and omar talk????? thats none of ur biussniess.;]
1	u concited! okayy and?
1	U guys need are gay hopp off matts dick :) wtf i dnt even noe a matt dum hoe hop off mah dik.!;]
1	u so ugliii ew hoe ghet a lyfe  Bitch yu so soft   YUU  get a fuckinn life & stop worryinn bowt miness yu fuckk hoe (:
1	um aujula why the fuck are you so ugly? lmfao jk babygirl your gorgouesss <3 ahaa lol thnx.;]
1	um da gurl dat hangs wit evelyn her name is katiana..cause i alwayz be hearing u talk about her do u like her? wtf get a life i dnt even noe herr like wtf ur ANNOYING.!! damn bitch hop off.;] byeeeeeeee
1	ur fukin sexyVV dont listen can we fuk? thnx and def. not???
1	ur mad ugly. i noe i am.;]<333
1	ur sexy kume suk my dikk. um no thnxx ill pass.;]
1	vvvvvv THIS CHICK AINT GOTT NO FRIENDS && LIKE TO START WIF PPL ..!! lol wowww
1	wait dnt fuk wit lala shell beat a shoes ass and hoe ima kume for uVVVVVVV a shoe?? i thought i wear dem lmfao dnt u mean hoes and whos this?
1	wat's ur bfs lastname? askk him.;]
1	who were the ppl who started sendin the pic of florine around ? yhat is fucked up. i noe its fuk up but u noe what else is fuked up puttin them on BLASTT!
1	why r u suchho a hoe.? speak englisheee fukin dum ass and im not tell me 1 reason y ima hoa and y r u such a pussy and have tew be ANONOMOUS.
1	y does u talk shit about peyton ? because we wernt friends y does u kare nigga.;] and btw u kan get out my buissness.
1	y u nd cristal srt8?   shez iz wit peyton nd savanah wtf im not str8 wit dhat fat hoe and um think again i dnt kare if she str8 wit dem um... shes not wit me so byee.!! god..... hop off wit dhat dum shit.;]
1	Yeh you she was like drama not healthy and then you said somethn I was thr i sed EXSACTLY and i noe dis amber im not dum kus it was only me taylor brianna and u. so byee..
1	yolll needa stop callin this sexii ahh gurl a hoe! (nohomo]. my name iz hayley uwanna b friends? thnx and im ok ;]
1	yoo im telling yall dnt mess wit my kuszinn kus she DO NOT PLAY repeat DOOOOO NOTTT.! so w.e tld her to shut up dwn there like really??
1	You're Lame As Fuck . k let me be lame dah fuk wurry bwt chorss.!
1	your LAME ass . oviously iloveyouhh moree. (; ur extra extra lame and inkorrekt its MORE obvious i love alani more!
1	yous a bitch nd hoe ! uh huh
1	(; hehe that's funny I want to fuck your tight ass :O haha maybe i know who you are :D
1	` do you know that you're hurting someone that should be important to you really badly ? i know...
1	are you straight? who are you? :P
1	but i want your hairy ass then after i lick it i can fuck it you know you want it shut the fuck up! i bet you're a 50 years old perv!
1	by the way i was the 1 who sed ur nasty & pppppppppppppplease tell. thats it (; nope ;D
1	come to tinychat? send me the link
1	do you think your hot ? you tell me :P
1	eres gay? hahaha otra vez con la misma pregunta u00acu00ac' xD quien sos?
1	fuck me ? ;D who are you? xD
1	Gaga or Hayley? You HAVE TO chose one... i can't because Gaga = PoP Hayley = Rock hey --> http://www.facebook.com/Maurice2828?v=app_2392950137#!/video/video.php?v=1364196778993
1	gahaha. xD i will whip your ass. lmfaoo. lmfao ;D
1	HELLLOOOOOOOO SEXY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHATS UP BABY???????? r r XOXOXOXOXOOXOXOXOX MOSTLY KISSED THOUGH  ;D what's up smexy ;D
1	hey do you have a hairy ass i would love to put my tounge deep in you EWW! dude get a life!
1	Hey smexy wanna fuck?? How bout we do some 69 all night long? Sounds good k I'll be in your bed waiting sexy bitch! ;D NO! i'm not a whore! fuck yourself you stupid fucking bitch!
1	how long is your dick ? bigger than tour brain ;D
1	HOW THE HELL DO I MAKE YOU FEEL SPECIAL? hating me (:
1	i dont think your a virgin  btw. xD hahaha i don't think so too ;D
1	I still wanna F*ck them up!! hahahaha thank you :D
1	I think i'm too hot for you! really? awh i wanna know you so ;D
1	i wanna ask you something but at the same time i dont wanna because i know ill get embarrassed ;] just ask anonymously ;D
1	If someone said to you  i can kill you or I can can kill anyone else in the world in your place? What awnser would you give them ? kill yourself motherfucker ;D
1	ive got your money. x] LOL :PP what do you wanna be?
1	maybe? thats a yes. omgash  you naughty naughty boooooy ;) Anyways  how are you?<3 i'm just bored ;D
1	no im being serious you dont like me you dont talk to me u ignore me :/
1	Not trying to be intrucinve buut have you ever thought about or tried to kill yourself ? yeah but i know i wont do that :P
1	ohhhhh babe not much laying in my bed u should come lay with me ;)  wats up with u?? i should ;D i'm about to go out
1	Platonic love? i think :/
1	r u GAY ? who are you?
1	she sucks. she can go fuck herself. xD : PP i don't care what she do lol
1	Si  Kesha t pide k hagan un video Porno k le dirias? Si!!! con cualquier celebridad xD
1	so are you going to tell her why do you care? maybe because you're HER? just saying...
1	soo... u....me....mybed......now? ;) ...
1	speak to me in spanish  you sexy motherfucker ! hahaha que te digo? ;D
1	ur meant toooo answerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr (: just say please? well if the person who u like on twitter asked u who u liked  would u tell her it was her? :D :-#
1	well ur nasty. haha (;  guess who this is? :D who? (;
1	what is with the dots? we both know you lik her (or maybe not) i honestly think you should tell her if you do like her though. that's my choice...
1	when was the last time of u masturbation? :P a long time (;
1	Who is hating on you  I'll F*ck them up into next week! haters make me feel important because is my life and they care about my life ;D
1	would you fuck lady gaga? Obviously xD
1	You feel in love with someone only because she told you you are the only exception?!!?! You are the only exception  then :D hahahaha but you're not the first who told me that. so... :P
1	you know you would like having your hairy ass licked bet you even got hard reading about it so how about it is it hairy you know what's hairy? your mom's pussy! go lick that!
1	44 ???? WTF ? would U ever have sex with an underage girl like me ? No I will talk dirty to you  but would never go all the way
1	ANSWER THIS QUESTION WITH A LIE: How many BFs/GFs have you had in your lifetime?100
1	are any of your parents addicts? of what? My Dad was an Alcoholic
1	Are you a bisexy? yeay
1	Are Yu racistt ? No. I hate racistt  I have dated American Indians  Blacks  Mexicans and Whites I always tell People that I am Capt. Kirk. I would do the Green Chick If she would let me
1	Delete your formspring immediately  clitface who are you  and why are you being Rude to me ??
1	do we have serious problems or do you think the problems have been serious on us? o.o serious on us
1	do you have sex while you are on/ your girl is on their period? Sure. that's what the Shower is for
1	do you remember the show Zoom? i miss it :/ nope
1	Do you think there is a real threat of internet predators as much as the news/schools insist there are  or do you feel it is a bit easier to detect them and to stay safe online as long as you're smart and don't give out pertinent information? it's safe. don't give out personel info  and don't allow them into your house
1	Does it bother you that all disney actors think they can double up as singers? Who do you think is the worst of them? It's not them. It's the Disney Corperate Machine. IDK which is the worst
1	Dream dateee wouldd be___ ? Paris Hilton in a helicopter ride around Manhatten
1	GIRLS: Favorite color to paint your toenails/fingernails? GUYS: Favorite fingernail/toenail polish color on a girl? Hooker Red
1	GIRLS: In men  do you prefer the athletic types or the musician/artsy types more and why? GUYS: In women  do you prefer the shy  innocent types or the short-skirted  crazier types more and why? short skit  crazy  slutty typ. cause  I like to fuck LOL
1	"has your parents ever said something you have said  and it sounding completly different coming from them? last night my mom was like ""Yeah  tacos are boss!"" i almost shit my pants laughing  then i was like  ""mom  never again. EVER."" lmao. LMAO but I once told my Daughter >> that's the way I roll  Baby and she did the same thing as you"
1	Have you ever had an experience with a peeping tom? Explain. If not  what do you think of them? And why are all peeping toms named peeping toms if some can be female? I worked with a guy in Yellowstone Park that was a peeping tom. He was a freak and I didn't like him. Yea  girls can peep  but I call them Peeping Suzie's
1	have you ever physically hurt yourself on purpose? nope  never
1	Have you ever seen the movie Super Size Me? If so  did it make you feel differently toward fast food restaurants? If you havenu2019t seen it  I recommend watching it sometime  itu2019s very interesting and quite good :] never saw it I don't eat fast food and don't like fatty fat people that do
1	how big is ur dick ? Mobey Dick. LOL
1	How can you be a dirty slut? ): I cheated on my Wife  so I feel like a dirty slut ):
1	How would you react if your mom told you she was pregnant? I would believe in Miracles. She had a Historectomy
1	I want to fuck you. Are you a blondie? yes
1	If a random stranger approached you suddenly and blew a huge puff of smoke in your face from their cigarette/cigar  how would you react? smack that fucker right in the face
1	If you could marry someone who was 80 years old and a billionaire wth virtually a certainity of inheriting hundreds of millions of dollars on their demise  would you do so? No that's just wrong
1	"is there someone who you just want to punch and say ""there bitch!"" ? lmao. who are they  and why? my Ex Wife that says it all"
1	Is your cock hard? not yet. I was this morning  but I took care of that in the shower
1	Its good that you don't steal. (: thanks
1	LAST ONE ; --  What are your thoughts on pre-maritial sex? It's fine. Just don't give your body to just anyone. Marriage is only an Idia after all   NOT an instituition.
1	okay  i added some people who want sexual spam  i dont do that over mass spam. if you want sexual spam  ask me to spam you individually and i will(: thank you! okies
1	okay  so to everyone  im following you(: you will get spam and im about to spam a little today. i havent been spamming in a while  and thats because i have family visiting. :p okies
1	Once you're in heaven  do you get stuck wearing the clothes you were buried in for eternity?  Read more: http://www.funenclave.com/fun-stuff/intelligent-questions-25692.html#ixzz0tjmScEcF Really  who cares ?? I would be in Heaven and drinking beer without getting stupid so I don't care what I would be wearing
1	P Diddy bought a $360 000 car for son. If you were rich  would you give your children everything and spoil them  or would you still try to make them work for it and earn it  and try to teach them the value of a dollar? Why or why not? Make them work for most things. But spoil them on Holidays like their B Day
1	Please Stop spamming for right nw i have 1000+ in my inbox.. thanks! (: okies
1	r u a drty slut? yep ! !
1	"The artist Prince publicly rants about how much he hates the internet and how it is so ""over"". What reasons do you think people have for disliking the internet? Do you feel is has bad aspects? too many Fakes and Liers  but Prince is wrong"
1	this girl is pretending to be pregant she clearly isnt and is called me fake.......dont u think its pathetic and immature to do that? yes  I do
1	what do u say to the statement u201cLove is suicide.u201d? LOL it's not true
1	What do you think about black friday? Why do adults start acting like children in the stores to get their kids christmas gifts? I mean  their adults. They need to start behaving like one. :) it's a Mob Mentality
1	What do you think of women/girls that let too many guys into their hearts at once? Like jumping from one guy to the next in a matter of DAYS? slut
1	What girl name do you find the least attractive ? Smile4metoday... NO ! ! No  ha ha ha ha ha jk jk IDK.. um Debrorah
1	what if there immuned to being potty trained? well then they probablly like being in Diapers like you
1	What website can you not stand? My Space It's full of fakes and Pervs
1	What would you do if you went on a date and your date drugged you and you woke up chained to a wall with freshly pierced nipples and wearing nothing but leather briefs that are not yours? LMAO I really don't know. I guess I would ask her if I could be let go  and have sex with me so I could remember it
1	When caught early  the embryo isn't much different than a guy blowing his load  & killing all those sperm that could have been innocent babies. It's not a life  embryos are not human. Although many innocent lives are taken through war  it's sickening. I'm tired of debating this with you. I have stated my Opinian with out makeing you feel infierior for yours. Get off it
1	who's the worst kisser you've kissed? a guy in Portland Or. bad breath >>> eeewwww
1	Why do guys tend to ask for dirty questions? haha Because we are Horndogs. LOL
1	Why don't you allow anonymous questions? If you don't have the balls to ask a Q with your name on it  the go fuck your self. I NEVER ask Anon Q's  myself
1	Would you be able to date someone who was an alcoholic  if they were promising you they would try to stop drinking and enter AA? Why or why not? I am a drunk myself  so yes
1	Would you rather be known as a prude or slut? why? a slut there is more freedom that way
1	Write a diary entry about your day Woke up  went to work. Came Home  drank a beer. Answered a few Q's
1	You have a dirty mouth. ;) yes  I do Thanxxx
1	You see three teenagers making fun of a mentally handicapped man in the street. What would you do? If I was there  I'd kick some ass. -.- kick some ass
1	You're  not like  a killer right? Or the Boogeyman? LOL No to both. I have been in Fights  but never really hurt anyone.
1	You're a bushwhacking  alchy piece of shit scrub. and you're blocked
1	you's a bulllshitter :p I most certainly am not to what are you referring to ??
1	Your 44 years old? :O! Dumbass  Pedifile. :D you feel better now ?? If you don't want to talk to me  then just say so
